Good morning, Oh I can't hear you, can you hear me? Yeah, I just checked my speakers and they're all the way up Mhm Yeah Mhm Yeah Yeah Mhm Mhm Yeah I can't I can't hear you what? Yeah yeah yeah mm Yeah yeah Mhm Yeah Okay. Uh huh Okay Mhm Mhm Yeah I
heard something, there we go.
So
it sounds great right now, how are you?
Yeah this is my second round of them and I've enjoyed it. Yeah that didn't meet some people. Was this your first time? Yeah my very first one, the person didn't show up so this and that was on two rounds ago and it you know kind of put me off of it and I didn't try again for a while but I'm glad I went ahead and did it again in the next round because it's been really fun and everybody has shown up since then so Yeah
um well actually I slept in because I was absolute last night
so I'm just getting started. But yeah I'm going to do some more of this kind of gig work um short task type work for a little while and then I'm trying to get trying to get my art business going. It's started using this time off from the you know with the pandemic and everything to focus on that because I need something to do and there's not that many people to talk to so it's not now you know when so
digital art I go what I
do
I started out and Uh huh. Camp. Well in second life really And then I used screen prints from then and use camp to to manipulate those and it was a type of photo manipulation and then um you know we had all these filters and things that we would put over them, antique them and you know this is all kinds of stuff like that and post them on a coin up which was part of um Oh so what's the big, what's the big photo company that's owned by? Yahoo flicker? It was part of flicker. Um And then I kind of moved on from that and started um doing shapes and things in camp and and that's kind of what I like doing now. So make surface patterns and you know different things post post online for print on demand. Right so what do you do?
It will be picking up soon where you are?
I'm
just saying.
Yeah I heard that. So
do you is it competitive and you win money or how does it work? Mhm.
I was
Well anything can turn as long as you know the pitfalls and I'm sure there must be some guidelines you can follow to help minimize the risk on that. Mhm.
It sounds like things are getting better for the women. I know there for a while that the news was really focusing on how difficult it was for women in that world but it's getting a little bit better.
this more more more women getting involved with health. Yeah, that's really interesting. So what kind of things do you like?
Well
two
Uh huh. What's interesting mm.
So where are you going in from let's say
Are you near the wildfires?
Yeah I'm in Oklahoma and
we have what we have to deal with out here is typically tornadoes and sometimes floods but we've been very fortunate this year.
Yeah. Yeah it seems to go in waves because I know here it'll will have tornadoes in a certain area like several years in a row and then it's over and then it'll just it'll move the pattern will shift and I'm not sure what does it. I don't know if the I'm sure that with tornadoes especially just um building new housing divisions and excavating the land probably switches exactly where that funnel goes. But I don't I'm not a scientist, I don't really understand and I don't think the real weather scientists do fully understand it either but at least they're getting better at predicting the path. So we we don't have we sell them ever have loss of life which is good.
First
they it's pretty scary. I mean we get everybody gets real you know cavalier about it and you know they'll stand out on their porches and take pictures and things but when it's actually going over is absolutely just, I mean, you could feel that the fear, you know, take over for a few minutes there, but okay. You know, it's, it's gonna be something everywhere. You know, everybody's got some either blizzards or extremely high heat or floods or something. So,
People believe me when I tell them that because we lived in Nevada when I was a kid and in Oklahoma, there's a really high humidity here and people are always like, oh yeah, we'll talk. But it's a dry heat. It doesn't matter if you're shooting the melting on the pavement. It is too hot.
Yeah, caring about the humidity. I mean, yeah, when it's like in the 90s, that makes a difference. But once it gets into triple digits, that low humidity doesn't really help that much.
I like the desert though. I, I missed it. I liked lizards and you know, those kinds of things. When I, when I retire, I'm planning to go back to Vegas and retire somewhere in that area of southern Nevada.
it's, they have extreme poverty to, I mean there are people who live in the tunnels there then they have to, because it is a desert and there's no place when it rains when it finally does rain, there's no place for the water to soak in. So there's a lot of flash flooding. So they have built tunnels to deal with that. But people live in those because most of the year they're dry and then it starts raining. They have to scramble
to
get those people out and they will, they will go around in the casinos. Excuse me. And they'll go around the casinos and take the cash that people have left behind. Of course, there's not as much of it anymore now that everything's electronic, but still there's a little bit of cash, you know, or they have a ticket with a little bit on it, so people have learned that and if there's a ticket just has a little bit on it instead of going and standing in line to cash it and I'll just leave it because they know somebody's gonna get it who needs it, you know?
And then they have the labor union out there which has made I think when it first started, it was a great thing, but after time goes on, sometimes those labor unions end up hurting the very people they were created to help and it has made things kind of hard for People in the uh who want to work in the casinos and all that, which that's like the most obvious job. It has made it kind of hard for some of them. But then but then again it's good for the ones who are getting older because it used to be the casinos would um you know they would want to hire everybody who looked like they were 22 and
nobody looks that age for very long you know So I don't know it's it's take the good with the bad I guess.
Yeah. I don't know I have mixed feelings on that. I think I think it gets bad when um when the labor unions began to abuse the
actual people that they were formed to create. That's that's the only thing that bothers me and I understand I mean they formed for a reason you know they're trying to solve a problem so and I guess it does solve certain problems. I don't know I'm not I'm not pro labor or anything like that. I just or anti or you know, it's just it has made a big change in las Vegas from when I lived out there. Of course when I lived out there in the mob, Brandon
ran, This was in the they really did, I mean you see that movies, but this was really true and uh you know, this was in the early 70s by the time I was old enough to remember anything and yeah, the mob ran it but they didn't um they would clash with the, you know, this was at the end of the the Vietnam era and all that. And so there were a lot of um soldiers who came home from Vietnam and they were on drugs by the time they got home or or after they got home they needed to self Medicaid and they would join up with the biker gangs because that was like a safe haven for them, many of them by the time they would have warrants out because they had tried to rob some place to get food or you know, just different things like that or they'd be in trouble for the drugs. So these biker kings were formed in, the mob would clash with the biker kings, but as long as you, um, I mean it was, it was Mother and Me a lot by ourselves and we were never bothered by anybody. And I mean, you just, you just mind your own business and I don't know, we were so used to it that we didn't really think much about it, you know? But I don't know, it's just odd, but it's changed a lot out there and I don't know how some of it has probably changed for the better, but I still want to go back though. Yeah, I want to go back to the to the drier climate and a place where people are at least always trying to better themselves, you know, people go out there because they think they're going to um hopefully make some money and you know, things are going to grow and that's just I like that environment. So I'm here in Oklahoma now because of my uh my parents are elderly and they kind of settled into where they are and they aren't going to, they are going to leave, so I'll be here as long as thanking me after that, I'm gonna sell everything and move out face right?
Around Austin and Houston and all that. Yeah.
People who are really like uh the L. A culture seemed to also really like Austin, it's very um progressive and um like whatever you're into find somebody there who you know, you can find a tribe. Um There it's it's uh real supportive of the arts and all that and then also really supportive of the sciences and um be a place to look. And I know the the cost of living is a lot better in text. Just make sure when you do go there. Um And this is serious, make sure that you look uh moved either rent or if you're going to buy move to high ground because that that area floods a lot. Yeah. And you don't want to have to be you know, vacating once you're trying to hear.
No
let
me funny wind up teaching there after all this uh huh
goal
your boyfriend might like Austin if if he's not too crazy about texas because it's kind of a whole different, it's kind of a small California in the middle of the midwest. So
yeah, maybe that seems a little too extreme actually. Get down there though. It's it's different. I mean it's there it's so big, you know, it's there there's something for everybody. Of course there's the, anytime you get most of your, I don't I don't know where he gets his information. I'm not making that assumption that I know that in the past I have gotten most of my information about a place from tv or movies or whatever and they just will show the extremes, you know and they don't show the normal people just living their lives and that's what most people do and no matter where you live, I see you have a kitty cat back there. Keep photo bombing run.
pretty chill, aren't
they?
that's cute. I keep thinking I need to get a pet but then I'm not really sure what's going to happen with my living situation. I might need to go stay with my parents and they will not tolerate at an animal in the house so
I don't
know what to do.
Yeah that's not a bad idea. A friend of mine, Tasha got her chihuahua, she was sponsoring dogs and and then she just couldn't find a suitable home for this one and now she's had him for about eight years and she just loves him. I don't know what she's gonna do it this time because he is like her other you know her husband died. She got him, she started doing that after her husband died. She looked older than I am. I worry about her sometimes just pray for Pablo to the chihuahua, just praying for him and keeps hanging in there. Yeah, but yeah, fostering that would be a good idea because then there wouldn't except in extreme cases like Pablo wouldn't be that. Uh huh.
Um, I guess we are about there, aren't we? That went by fast. Okay. Well it's been nice to have continue
and
good luck with your whatever you end up doing next. I know this is trading this pandemic is going on much longer than we wanted it to. Yeah,
Yeah. Just close out of here and then there will be um the questions really do take about 15, 20 minutes. So, but you won't need your audio or anything.
All
Thank you.
Nice to talk to you too. Bye