SPEAKER_L: wow. Yeah great mhm. Yeah yeah yeah. Okay mm. Okay yeah. Right mhm Uh huh Okay. Uh huh. Well mm what?
SPEAKER_R: Hi.
SPEAKER_L: Hello? How are you?
SPEAKER_R: Well I'm fine. How about you?
SPEAKER_L: good good, I'm in michigan, where are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in north Carolina. It's
SPEAKER_L: how's the weather?
SPEAKER_R: actually pretty. It's humid but pretty. It. Oh
SPEAKER_L: yeah we're in a hot spell right now so
SPEAKER_R: really? I've been to
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: michigan,
SPEAKER_L: I work with
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry. Oh
SPEAKER_L: Oh no I was just gonna say I work with farmers so I'm always very interested in the weather so mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I'm working the census right now. And so yesterday I was out um I like it because it is outside and um I got rained on plenty. That's all right. It was funny because it was there was just there would be nothing and it was very pretty. And then all of a sudden a couple drops and then a total deluge and I just go okay, well I'll sit this out for a little bit and then um it would stop and I, so I was glad I didn't go home. And it turned out it was I like variety. So
SPEAKER_L: yeah so are you going to like that like doors and asking people to fill out the census or?
SPEAKER_R: yes, this is the um I worked for them in the spring where I delivered questionnaires and we just hung baggies. I mean the second day that I was on the job, Covid had just begun. I mean the lockdowns had just begun. And so they, the second day they said stop trying to contact people just um leave the questionnaire. So so that it made it quick. And I was also in an area that has a lot of second home residents. So a lot of homes were just vacant. And then um and then it was then we all went into lockdown. Um so the job went away and now this is called non response follow up. And so I'm going back to the second home places where I mean, the people that I am encountering, a lot of them were saying, well I filled it out in my other location and I just you know sweetly say, well um it's the dwelling I said, if, don't worry because the interview will, the phone will tell us. I have to follow what the phone tells me to do and then when it will cut the interview short, once you say you've done it. And so so far I've had very positive feedbacks,
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: which
SPEAKER_L: good. Yeah yeah yeah I know I've been seeing billboards about how like we've got to do the census even though it's crazy times so yeah
SPEAKER_R: Well that's good. I I was glad they started playing commercials around here saying um remember that your census worker might be retired teacher. My it's your neighbors
SPEAKER_L: you know
SPEAKER_R: trying to encourage people would be friendly. Which is nice. When have
SPEAKER_L: wow. So yeah good
SPEAKER_R: you done that? You
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: know like this before with prolific.
SPEAKER_L: This is my 3rd 1 so yes yeah you're allowed to do I think up to force I've mostly been working from home doing computer stuff and then yesterday I was actually in a field with my growers all day, but we're only allowed to go in when we need to travel and stuff so so I'm kind of stuck at home until I have an excuse to you know go out and you know touch my potato plants as the crop I work on, so
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. So my husband's working from home so he's in the other room but this gives me something to do so.
SPEAKER_R: Well I had one other scheduled chat and then my link wouldn't work. It was very
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: weird. It just and then it finally, it was really late. I attempted to email them and say it's not working, it's not working.
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: And it was like almost 20 minutes into it because I was trying. I kept trying from my phone and then from my laptop, from my phone, and then I emailed them and then um so then I was by myself, I stayed in it just in case the other person showed up, but I wasn't surprised. They didn't because they probably were there and then disappeared.
SPEAKER_L: What do you do? So? Uh huh. So now are you a retired teacher? Is this your your second act doing the census sir?
SPEAKER_R: Well, I'm not a retired teacher, I am a teacher, but um I have a son who has special needs, and just when I finished my teacher certification, um he began this very hellish journey where I was under a lot of pressure to try. People were wanting to institutionalize him and um they were telling me it was the only way he could get services. And I hope I really hope to write a book about it someday. Because I well because it was so hellish and I ended up encountering there were not 12 schools who pressed charges against my son, not because my son had committed criminal acts, but because they were telling me our mental health care provider was closed at the time. And um the BC teacher was saying, well it's a way for a judge to access services. And I said this, this these are, this is medical and you're bringing in a legal aspect to this that would give my son a criminal record for non criminal behavior. And um, I said that, no, that's not okay. And so then my mom said, you know, you're a teacher, I'm a teacher, let's pull him and teach him at home. And so that year, that's what we did. As soon as I pulled him, The very next day, they dropped the charges, which made sense because the charges were fraudulent. But then I went to another school and this other school, um, I drove 50 miles every day, this entire school year to get him to this other school that promised me, Oh, we're very unique. And I had told them my son is must be supervised because he's never the instigator of trouble, but he is a target of bullying and his reactions are over the top. And so they assured me, oh, he'll always be, we always have a teacher in the room. And the very first morning in october when they didn't, there was an incident. And um, and then they ended up, the principal said, what would you think about having a conversation with the juvenile judicial council? And I said, well, I'm happy to have a conversation with anybody who knows anything about services. What she didn't tell me was that she pressed charges against my son. So, and then ultimately, the man who saw fit to adjudicate my son turned out to be um, the director of the board member of the school. And I filed a complaint against him because I definitely felt like it was a conflict of interest. And um, I found out he was on the Judicial standards commission for north Carolina. And so the corruption was just seamless. Like I filed that complaint and then I got this form letter back saying, we've received your evidence, we've received your letter, we've seen no further cause for investigation. And so then I created a petition online at move on dot org first stop criminalizing special needs Children. And so someday I do hope to write about it because I feel like, uh, as a teacher and as a teacher's daughter, I never knew that this could happen in this country. It was, I always thought that we take care of the most vulnerable and I guess so, uh
SPEAKER_L: mm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: Oh no, I got my start as a as a classroom teacher so thank you for teaching. So I was I was K. 25 teacher for two years and I went back to grad school. So yeah
SPEAKER_R: in michigan,
SPEAKER_L: just the little little's actually upstate new york. I'm originally from upstate but yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I lived in New York City for eight years. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Oh wow okay so.
SPEAKER_R: I was a singer and um and I did a lot of administrative work in cleaning apartment.
SPEAKER_L: that's a part of it yep. Well how old is your son now?
SPEAKER_R: fortunately he has um he's 19 and he did is he got his G. E. D. And
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's great.
SPEAKER_R: he was taking some community college costs so things went well. It was a triumph and a series of blessings and miracles I think. Well
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's so good. So what classes is he taking what does he like to do?
SPEAKER_R: he is really passionate about reptiles and right now eventually he loves animals and he eventually he'd like to be a zookeeper or somebody who works with animals. And um right now he took this summer he took um an english class and then an english sort of support class for that And then an art appreciation class And he's also loves art and so I'm very proud of him and he's taking an interest in his more interest in his health and um, so it's lovely I think.
SPEAKER_L: That's great.
SPEAKER_R: Do you have any Children or?
SPEAKER_L: not yet. So we actually just moved across town so we're out in the suburbs now and more like a family house. So although we've taken over both bedroom, other bedrooms there are home office is just
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: you know but but yeah yeah eventually we want to I want four. My husband wants to so Catholics so you know. Yeah. Yeah. So so yeah hopefully in the next couple of years.
SPEAKER_R: Are you from a big family or were?
SPEAKER_L: well there was 33 siblings but then my parents did foster cares. There were always other kids around so.
SPEAKER_R: well, well I'm the fifth of six kids. So, and then my dad, um, he was a prisoner of World War Two and um, he had a real soft spot for veterans. He was also an actor and a barber. And if a veteran sat in his barber chair and he didn't have a place to stay or a job, my dad would frequently invite him to our house to stay
SPEAKER_L: Do you want?
SPEAKER_R: indefinitely. And it was a real mixed bag, but you had a big heart and we had, we had a stray animals and straight people.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Oh I actually used to live next door. My across the street neighbor vic is 94 he's a World War two veteran. He's still at home and he gets nurses and stuff from the V. A. But like to go you know sit on the porch listen to his war stories. So
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I bet that's really meaningful.
SPEAKER_L: Um Well he he likes to tell one where he met Princess Elizabeth in 44 when he was recovering in the UK. Um Yeah
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: he's so funny. He's like an everybody lined up and you know, she got out of this big black car and one of the, his um the guy in his room, like who couldn't go outside, was like, did you you know about to her? And he's like, I'm an american, I did not like so goofy. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Patriotic rates running deep. That's
SPEAKER_L: no, but
SPEAKER_R: why we fought the revolution. Um
SPEAKER_L: but no, growing up, I was super close with my grandma, so I found my neighborhood old person and befriended him, wow, mhm So uh huh, so now you're in north Carolina, do you have family close by or just you out there?
SPEAKER_R: Well no, I actually live and take care of my 90 year old mother. Yeah. She turned 90 on July 28. So, um, and I, I've
SPEAKER_L: great,
SPEAKER_R: been fierce in our area about mask wearing. I didn't think I was going to have to be fierce about, but we, when, when I was working for the senses and then we went into lockdown. Um, I just, I really, really am serious about. I've always been because my mom and my son are dependent upon me. I have realized how important it is that I stay healthy. So for years I participated in this water fitness class three times a week. And I just, um, for me, it's not just, you know, me taking care of my health for myself. That's important, But if I get sick, it's like all the spinning plates fall down, so, so it's easier for me to be healthy. And so when Covid started, I just uh I tried to learn everything I could and um and I we have this protocol where my son and I take off our shoes. When we first entered the house, we wash our hands. I was wiping down every surface that and then I even segregated towels and segregated dishes. And um, then I was our local grocery stores doing a really good job of setting up safe guidelines. And they would announce things. And I was very proud of them. And it was bothering me from the beginning that all these cashiers were wearing masks and then all these customers were coming in. And I it hurt my feelings like I was wearing a mask. But I thought it
SPEAKER_L: you know,
SPEAKER_R: really, really bothered me. Like, I just thought, what about the golden rule? You know, just for the sake of somebody's doing that for you, You know? And so then I wrote a letter to the editor and I said, um, you know, imagine every mask face that you pass is a person who is fighting to save your life because it's true. And then, um, I went into this one. We were sort of a, I mean, this my great grandfather homesteaded in this town, so we've been here a very long time, but my, but it's a really beautiful area in the Blue Ridge Mountains, and um, there's a lot of people who have second homes and there's a university here. And so students had left for spring break and then didn't come back, but then they were
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: told that, um, they needed to come back and get their things that the year was gonna end. So there was suddenly an influx of students and then an influx of the second home residents who were escaping their urban areas. And um, so then I went into this local grocery store that was doing such a good job, and all these non masked people were there and um, and we had just worked on getting, um, we were trying, I was wondering why we didn't have a mandate. And I went to customers to the customer service desk, and I thank them for their vigilance and diligence and the way they're treating everything. And I said, you know, I'd like the favorite to be returned, so could you make a policy that masks are required? And they said, well, we're following the town guidelines. And so then I contacted the town and that's when I found out that one of our town council to a few of the town council members, um, we're against. And um this one woman wrote back and she said, well I'm a cancer survivor and my partner is a, is a high risk person. But you and I are on opposite sides of this issue. And that's when I said,
SPEAKER_L: steve,
SPEAKER_R: I wrote back and I said, this isn't an opposite sides issue. This is a public health crisis and I want you to live through this too. And so it was, but now we now we have a mask mandate, but
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: a lot of people disregarded it for such a long time. And so Covid's here too. Is it, is it kind of widespread where you are? Our house.
SPEAKER_L: you know, it's not too bad, so Detroit got hit really hard but I'm an hour and a little bit away from Detroit, so I'm in Lansing michigan so
SPEAKER_R: Lance,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I mean
SPEAKER_R: my sister went to the University of Michigan.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Okay. Yeah we so we've had a mask mandate for a while but gosh people have opinions like it's michigan had some big protests and people were all upset, they couldn't get haircuts and general.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. Michigan was also the state where some of the people took their guns to the governor's,
SPEAKER_L: Yes they did. So
SPEAKER_R: that was
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Yeah. So well michigan's a weird state because we have like Detroit and grand rapids, like some big cities but we also have like the upper peninsula which is you know mostly dear. Um so you know keep different. But yeah, it's just it's been a been a weird time.
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: I was telling my husband like I don't like thai food but I'm not trying to pretend that it's not real like yeah,
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: but nope.
SPEAKER_R: very strange. Well, I went, I've been to traverse city michigan uh,
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: for my ex husband's family reunion and that was beautiful.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, we try to get up there, like in the, in the fall, we went up last year, not this year, but another time. So yeah, so actually my husband and I are first vacation together was up to traverse city, we saw some lighthouses and stuff, so yeah, yeah, so
SPEAKER_R: Everybody running well.
SPEAKER_L: Oh well good on you for like telling the grocery store in the city council, like, I think we need that right now.
SPEAKER_R: I really, I mean I've been somebody, one of the reasons that I felt like teaching might not, I might not be Children respond really well to my lessons and I love, I love Children and I love um learning and I think learning is really fun and um, so all the elements of teaching suit me well, but I don't care for public education the way it is structured and punitive nature of it. And um, I mean from my perspective, each of us have some sort of gift and teaching at its best, I think recognizes or finds that gift and cultivates it and if we can help Children feel happy and confident and good inside their skins and then learning frequently. It flows naturally when when Children feel good about where they are and because we're also curious, so, but I'm really outspoken in the sense that um You know when in the 80's I did a, when I was in New York, um one of my friends, he was a fantastic singer and um he ended up, I left New York at that point when I was in love with my first husband, he was a Japanese man. And um but this dear friend of mine who was this spectacular singer um ended up getting AIDS and um they didn't even know, like the year he died of AIDS that it was just coming out, Time magazine, had an article about it and um so I ended up years later when they found out what it was and everything and how it was contracted. And I was at my a small, I had transferred to a small college called Warren muslim College. It's a little private school sponsored by the presbyterian Church. But um we had a nurse practitioner. All the students who go there are supposed to do a service project. And we had a nurse practitioner who was very interested in educating people about the prevention of HIV and stds and things like that. So she started a little group of peer education group on campus. So um we taught with safe sex and prevention of sexually transmitted disease workshops. And I used to start with the song that one of my this friend saying and it was this beautiful song and then I would say, you know, this was my friend and he's no longer with us and I'm doing this because I want each of us to realize that illness and death are gonna come to all of us and and we need to be able to talk about life and talk about, you know, hazards and um so here we are. So I just learned how to broach difficult topics and I um I just really believe in the golden rule to,
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Oh, wow, you've got quite the story, what a life
SPEAKER_R: I really do want to write, I I actually
SPEAKER_L: belong.
SPEAKER_R: have a rough draft from my first book because um Warren Wilson also has a requirement for senior senior To write an autobiographical paper and when I did my um English professor read it like 10 days before graduation and um he just hounded me and he put all these articles in my mailbox and we had become good friends, he was, he was just a wonderful professor and um and he was wanting me to turn it into a book, but I was really harried with graduating and then I was going to be moving and then I was moving to new york and I just thought, um, uh, I was very flattered and intimidated and just thought I can't do that, I don't have the skills, I don't know how to do that. But then after living in new york for years and when I came back to north Carolina, um, while I was in new york and I was singing and really just busting my butt to keep a roof over my head. Um I would have insomnia sometimes and I wake up in the middle of the night and not know why I was awake awake, but then I'd sit down and I was just right and, and I journal write or write a poem and that would help me figure out what was going on and then I could sleep. So consequently I ended up with a bunch of bones. So we're basically therapeutic things for me. But my door really liked him. And so keep when I came to north Carolina, um, he submitted my poetry to all these different magazines that he was reading. And then when he passed away, um, I guess it's a way of dealing with mourning his
SPEAKER_L: sorry,
SPEAKER_R: loss him. That's
SPEAKER_L: the dogs
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: are upset,
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: Archie scooter, come here. Uh Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: kind of dog do you have?
SPEAKER_L: let's see, We have to um see if I can, somebody
SPEAKER_R: that's all.
SPEAKER_L: must be dropped the package off, we've got a border and a cattle dog so yeah
SPEAKER_R: dogs.
SPEAKER_L: yes yeah so they're both big boys so they're they're they're going to the other room, let me try to find a picture on my phone, it's it's mostly dog pictures. Let's see.
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: Here we go. Here they are both sleeping together
SPEAKER_R: sweet. I love dogs.
SPEAKER_L: RPG shooter, yep,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: amazon man is here.
SPEAKER_R: know. I have not, I do not know. How much time do you know? I don't see the timer
SPEAKER_L: Let's
SPEAKER_R: on me.
SPEAKER_L: see uh Sorry
SPEAKER_R: It sounds like you're busy. That's all right. I don't mind. Right. If you need to go and attend to something that's okay.
SPEAKER_L: no it's okay, they're just gonna scream until the guy drives away. Yeah, yep No they would not protect us if it came to cooter
SPEAKER_R: I a giant, a giant yellow lab and he
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: was such a sweetheart. But he was, it was very funny when I first discovered um I was living actually about a mile up the road that in a property that my parents had and I had I just had my dog and two cats and one of our neighbors that I hadn't even met, but I saw them walking down the street with a baby carriage, a stroller. I mean it was more like a carriage and my dog who I used to just let out into the yard because we had a huge yard, but it wasn't
SPEAKER_L: Women
SPEAKER_R: fenced in because it was in the country and he usually was right by my side. Um So I just let him out and he was in the front yard, but he was heard him barking and I went out to see what he was barking. And then I saw this man with a baby stroller and um and I I said, oh sonny. Um no no and I was trying to tell the man because Sonny was ahead of me and I was saying he's actually very friendly but I'm but I was walking to him to get him to retrieve him and
SPEAKER_L: Maybe
SPEAKER_R: um but Sunny was like oh and he looked literally fierce and as soon as I got towards sunny Sunny looked around his shoulder and I started to run towards Sunny because I didn't want him to then run more towards the man. But when he Sonny saw me running it was kind of like he thought oh there is something to be afraid of how like it's really something I'm down here. Hi.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, no that's here, Here we go, here's let's see,
SPEAKER_R: Hello
SPEAKER_L: here's my boy,
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: are their names? High
SPEAKER_L: this is scooter
SPEAKER_R: scooter.
SPEAKER_L: but he's a big scaredy cat so yeah so but actually I I found him he's a shelter pet, he was running around town eating rocks and no one claimed him so now he's
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: mine so
SPEAKER_R: We had a cat. I mean a dog that um when I was a little girl and we had it was you that the first or second um winter that we were, it was the first winner, we were here and there was just a huge blizzard and we've gotten I mean we had probably like five ft of snow, it was so
SPEAKER_L: Which
SPEAKER_R: much,
SPEAKER_L: is a lot for north Carolina.
SPEAKER_R: that was a huge, but we used to have much more severe weather here, but but we we were snowed in and um the son had come out, maybe it's still really cold outside. And I looked out and there was this little black dog running back and forth on the road and um it was obviously terrified and it had someone had just dumped it and
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: I said mom look at that because she was so cute, she was just a little petite thing running running running terrified. And I said mom can we call that dog? And she said yes, call the dog
SPEAKER_L: Enough.
SPEAKER_R: and whatnot. And I said, hey, sweetie. And I said, come here. And she came flying down and
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: the rest of his history, we called the Humane Society. And we, you know, we put her on pet patrol and nobody called and then renamed her Daphne and she was the best. We loved her for the rest of her life and they're wonderful.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah well scooter and I we actually right before lockdown we got certified he's a therapy dog to go to like hospitals and nursing homes. So yeah which hopefully we will do when we're allowed to visit. But yeah he's just he's just a little love bug, just let's just sit there and get pets so
SPEAKER_R: that's wonderful. Well, sonny, I did, um, he had these big pause and so people were saying, oh, he's going to be a big dog. I found a dog trainer. So I took him to obedience school and then the dog trainer was just spectacular. He used to train dogs for police work and for, um, and for assisted for community therapy dogs. And um, he was just, he was all about dogs and I mean he was very cool person. He was a graduate of Cornell. And um,
SPEAKER_L: Were wrong.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I didn't
SPEAKER_L: So I went to Cornell the world. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: well he's older, but his name is john Kwai. Um
SPEAKER_L: Mhm
SPEAKER_R: but it was really cool and um, so I did the obedience school with him and then he said, well, obedience school is to teach dogs how to interact in the human world, that if you're, if you want to know about the dogs world, you might want to try tracking and so sunday. And I did tracking. Uh
SPEAKER_L: well fun.
SPEAKER_R: it was so cool. Um and he didn't um he ended up finding the pearl in a ring that I had, like, I did all this training when I had my son. I mean, I did it and it was, it was just amazing. Um but one time I'll show you this ring, it's a unique ring. Um My great uncle had this design
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: for my
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: great aunt. He
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: beautiful.
SPEAKER_R: an architect in Georgia and the pearl, you know, it's very unique. Um but it's a freshwater pearl, but it's it's kind of you know, one of a kind. But um but I had gone hiking on the mountain with my dog and my parents dog and I had that ring on, I wear it. I mean I'm not wearing it turned covid because I'm having to do all this hand sanitizer and stuff, but I I feel like it as my aunt at his spirit and I just love it. And so um so I had it on my finger and we had gone up the mountain and come back down and then I looked down and the pearl was gone and I was like, oh gosh, I can't lose that, I love this ring, I can't lose that pearl. The grass was really high and I started to backtrack and I was trying to tell myself stay positive, stay positive. And then I just I thought don't don't get upset. You know, if you get upset then you can't think straight. And so I came back and I was I came back part of the way. I just thought, you can't just grass is really tall. I came back and I was right in front of the door where I had started and I walk and I closed my eyes and I prayed to God. And he was, oh dear God, please don't let me have lost this pearl. This means so much to me and I want, you know, I love you anytime I want to have your essence with me. And and when I opened my eyes, the ring was right here and my dog's nose. Sonny's nose was right right at my hand. And I thought, oh
SPEAKER_L: Mhm
SPEAKER_R: and I said,
SPEAKER_L: Hi.
SPEAKER_R: sonny find it and I couldn't tell if he was paying attention. He's like uh where the shot. And uh so he looked up at me and then he walked um and it's like he immediately just turned away from me and I didn't know if he was paying attention to me or not, but I followed him and he walked right up to the greenhouse, which is right next to the house. And my father had been in the greenhouse and um, I had totally forgotten that I had stopped and had a conversation with my dad at the greenhouse, but route Sonny walked right up to the greenhouse and then he just stopped anyway. And uh and I looked down and the pearl was on the ground and
SPEAKER_L: what a good boy?
SPEAKER_R: so cool. And then when
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: my parents died was the final week of his life, he was, he was having seizures and we knew that it was time because it was just getting worse and
SPEAKER_L: thank
SPEAKER_R: worse. And so I had,
SPEAKER_L: you. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I had called the vet for the following monday,
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: but I was working over the weekend and um, so I told my mom be sure to keep smoke inside because because these seizures when he was having won, he would sometimes get really disoriented and even if he could get up, he didn't seem to know where he was. So anyway, the plan was to keep him inside. So I came home that afternoon and he was gone. He was so sunny, tracked him. So we're
SPEAKER_L: we're good,
SPEAKER_R: bringing back in surrounded with love. Who
SPEAKER_L: yeah, yeah, good. And here's here's a cat,
SPEAKER_R: is this one? Okay,
SPEAKER_L: this is Zoe yes, we have a lot
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: is a cat. Hi Zoe. Here's
SPEAKER_L: and she's very long so
SPEAKER_R: that's a pretty cat.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm Oh yeah, no, she's a big baby, she loves to be on you all the time, so
SPEAKER_R: she's gorgeous. She's
SPEAKER_L: Oh, thank you.
SPEAKER_R: got a very characteristic face to her. Oh
SPEAKER_L: he got a little little hard on her nose. Um Yes,
SPEAKER_R: her
SPEAKER_L: he tolerates so much. She's a very good
SPEAKER_R: ice cream or blue degree.
SPEAKER_L: They're green. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: You're so pretty high zone. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. It's like enough of that. Yeah. Well I think that is just about a half an hour so that was fast. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well and can
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: tell
SPEAKER_L: something
SPEAKER_R: me your
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: name?
SPEAKER_L: talk to you.
SPEAKER_R: I'm Genevieve and really
SPEAKER_L: Genevieve. Oh that x that's my grandma's name. That's my top choice for a baby name. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: What is your name? Trina?
SPEAKER_L: I'm Trina
SPEAKER_R: It's nice to
SPEAKER_L: china.
SPEAKER_R: meet you and talk
SPEAKER_L: Let's
SPEAKER_R: with
SPEAKER_L: meet
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: Have a great day.
SPEAKER_R: you. You too. Trina. Take care. Bye.