wow. Yeah great mhm. Yeah yeah yeah. Okay mm. Okay yeah. Right mhm Uh huh Okay. Uh huh. Well mm what?
Hello? How are you?
good good, I'm in michigan, where are you?
how's the weather?
yeah we're in a hot spell right now so
well
I work with
Oh no I was just gonna say I work with farmers so I'm always very interested in the weather so mhm.
yeah so are you going to like that like doors and asking people to fill out the census or?
well
good. Yeah yeah yeah I know I've been seeing billboards about how like we've got to do the census even though it's crazy times so yeah
you know
wow. So yeah good
no
This is my 3rd 1 so yes yeah you're allowed to do I think up to force I've mostly been working from home doing computer stuff and then yesterday I was actually in a field with my growers all day, but we're only allowed to go in when we need to travel and stuff so so I'm kind of stuck at home until I have an excuse to you know go out and you know touch my potato plants as the crop I work on, so
Mhm. So my husband's working from home so he's in the other room but this gives me something to do so.
Well
what
What do you do? So? Uh huh. So now are you a retired teacher? Is this your your second act doing the census sir?
mm. Yeah.
Oh no, I got my start as a as a classroom teacher so thank you for teaching. So I was I was K. 25 teacher for two years and I went back to grad school. So yeah
just the little little's actually upstate new york. I'm originally from upstate but yeah. Yeah.
Oh wow okay so.
that's a part of it yep. Well how old is your son now?
Oh that's great.
Yeah that's so good. So what classes is he taking what does he like to do?
That's great.
not yet. So we actually just moved across town so we're out in the suburbs now and more like a family house. So although we've taken over both bedroom, other bedrooms there are home office is just
you know but but yeah yeah eventually we want to I want four. My husband wants to so Catholics so you know. Yeah. Yeah. So so yeah hopefully in the next couple of years.
well there was 33 siblings but then my parents did foster cares. There were always other kids around so.
Do you want?
Yeah. Oh I actually used to live next door. My across the street neighbor vic is 94 he's a World War two veteran. He's still at home and he gets nurses and stuff from the V. A. But like to go you know sit on the porch listen to his war stories. So
Um Well he he likes to tell one where he met Princess Elizabeth in 44 when he was recovering in the UK. Um Yeah
he's so funny. He's like an everybody lined up and you know, she got out of this big black car and one of the, his um the guy in his room, like who couldn't go outside, was like, did you you know about to her? And he's like, I'm an american, I did not like so goofy. Yeah,
no, but
but no, growing up, I was super close with my grandma, so I found my neighborhood old person and befriended him, wow, mhm So uh huh, so now you're in north Carolina, do you have family close by or just you out there?
great,
you know,
Well,
steve,
no.
you know, it's not too bad, so Detroit got hit really hard but I'm an hour and a little bit away from Detroit, so I'm in Lansing michigan so
yeah, I mean
Oh yeah. Okay. Yeah we so we've had a mask mandate for a while but gosh people have opinions like it's michigan had some big protests and people were all upset, they couldn't get haircuts and general.
Yes they did. So
yeah. Yeah. So well michigan's a weird state because we have like Detroit and grand rapids, like some big cities but we also have like the upper peninsula which is you know mostly dear. Um so you know keep different. But yeah, it's just it's been a been a weird time.
I was telling my husband like I don't like thai food but I'm not trying to pretend that it's not real like yeah,
but nope.
yeah.
Mhm. Yeah, we try to get up there, like in the, in the fall, we went up last year, not this year, but another time. So yeah, so actually my husband and I are first vacation together was up to traverse city, we saw some lighthouses and stuff, so yeah, yeah, so
Oh well good on you for like telling the grocery store in the city council, like, I think we need that right now.
Yes. Oh, wow, you've got quite the story, what a life
belong.
sorry,
the dogs
are upset,
Archie scooter, come here. Uh Yeah,
let's see, We have to um see if I can, somebody
must be dropped the package off, we've got a border and a cattle dog so yeah
yes yeah so they're both big boys so they're they're they're going to the other room, let me try to find a picture on my phone, it's it's mostly dog pictures. Let's see.
Here we go. Here they are both sleeping together
RPG shooter, yep,
amazon man is here.
Let's
see uh Sorry
no it's okay, they're just gonna scream until the guy drives away. Yeah, yep No they would not protect us if it came to cooter
Well
Women
Maybe
Oh yeah, no that's here, Here we go, here's let's see,
here's my boy,
Well
this is scooter
but he's a big scaredy cat so yeah so but actually I I found him he's a shelter pet, he was running around town eating rocks and no one claimed him so now he's
mine so
Which
is a lot for north Carolina.
Well
Enough.
No.
Yeah. Yeah well scooter and I we actually right before lockdown we got certified he's a therapy dog to go to like hospitals and nursing homes. So yeah which hopefully we will do when we're allowed to visit. But yeah he's just he's just a little love bug, just let's just sit there and get pets so
Were wrong.
So I went to Cornell the world. Yeah.
Mhm
well fun.
No,
no,
that's
beautiful.
Mhm
Hi.
what a good boy?
good.
thank
you. Yeah,
All
we're good,
yeah, yeah, good. And here's here's a cat,
this is Zoe yes, we have a lot
of
and she's very long so
Mhm Oh yeah, no, she's a big baby, she loves to be on you all the time, so
Oh, thank you.
he got a little little hard on her nose. Um Yes,
he tolerates so much. She's a very good
They're green. Yeah
Mhm. It's like enough of that. Yeah. Well I think that is just about a half an hour so that was fast. Yeah.
It
was
something
to
talk to you.
Genevieve. Oh that x that's my grandma's name. That's my top choice for a baby name. Yes.
I'm Trina
china.
Let's
meet
you.
Have a great day.