SPEAKER_L: Uh huh Oh Oh you remember? Mhm mhm mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Okay. Okay. Uh huh Yeah. Hold on. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What? Okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hello,
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: How are you doing today? I love your glasses there, like a tourist cell.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. They are. And their colorful, which is good. Sometimes it's hard to find stuff that will go with all the clothes.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Brown is really pretty colored that goes with
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: everything.
SPEAKER_L: know that? Oh, thank you. I recently realized, which is a little sad because I'm 37 that I wear my glasses almost every day. I can probably buy whatever frames I want and justify the cost. I
SPEAKER_R: Who?
SPEAKER_L: like, I was still like trying to buy like a reasonably priced pair for a really long time and I was like, why am I only willing to spend the same amount of money is two pairs of pants on glasses if I wear them every day?
SPEAKER_R: Whoa. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: So like a couple of years ago I was like, I'm going to pick whatever frame I want and as long as it's not like Gucci, I'm just going to get it.
SPEAKER_R: I don't think that's sad at all. And wait, you're 37. What? I thought, wow, I see, I thought you were like in college or I'm sorry. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: no, that's totally fine. Old people like it when people say that now my 15 year old is downstairs doing his chiller less. Not very old.
SPEAKER_R: Well his
SPEAKER_L: And you
SPEAKER_R: towel,
SPEAKER_L: look also he's
SPEAKER_R: what? Tell us.
SPEAKER_L: Cello playing the cello.
SPEAKER_R: Oh hello. Is he not?
SPEAKER_L: I'm hoping it's not too loud. Usually they don't schedule these during the lessons or anything. It's like one loud thing a week in my house and they keep scheduling it during the one last thing. So
SPEAKER_R: Um, I see.
SPEAKER_L: where are you located at?
SPEAKER_R: I am located in texas.
SPEAKER_L: Uh it's very big state. You're right in Houston. Okay. So humid, warm but not dry and hot. Just hot. Okay. I have not been in texas too much, although I think I've been in every major airport. Um
SPEAKER_R: commonly
SPEAKER_L: we've had a lot of like just so many things fly through there, but we've had friends live in Austin and
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: Houston
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: and then in like weird places like Rio grande and things like that. So um it's one of the only states I have not traveled much in. Do you like it
SPEAKER_R: do I like it? Um I do wish there was more colder weather here.
SPEAKER_L: legit?
SPEAKER_R: I would love snow and
SPEAKER_L: Oh man smells nice. That's where I grew up in Seattle and it was always kind of perfect because it was never inconveniently weathered, but you could drive to the snow in a couple of hours uh which was nice. Um Or to the beach in like five minutes. Um but the beaches in Washington are not um they're not sandy, I think
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: rocky.
SPEAKER_L: they're very rocky.
SPEAKER_R: Ooh,
SPEAKER_L: He's really very steep uh and full of pebbles and crabs and often have smells. Uh He smells not bad smells but very, it's not like a tropical beach. For sure
SPEAKER_R: wow, that's pretty cool. No,
SPEAKER_L: it is.
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: I live in Cleveland now and there is lots and lots of snow every winter um
SPEAKER_R: that's so lovely.
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: Oh, look at it.
SPEAKER_L: that you're a little quiet. Say that again?
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I see. I was saying that's lovely like that you have snow, but what do you think of it
SPEAKER_L: Um, I think I
SPEAKER_R: you think?
SPEAKER_L: like that. It makes things look nice for a little while. Um, I'm, I like Cleveland and I like, I really like owning lots of pretty scars. Um, I think it's rough because it's really wet and it gets all over, salt gets all over everything, which is something I didn't realize is that everything is salted. So the car is salted in your boots and your pants and so you would be so careful just salt gets on everything. But uh,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: it's really beautiful and I like how it gets very, very quiet when there's snow on everything, like right after a fresh snowfall, especially before they scrape the roads. It dampens all the sound, which makes it quiet like you're in the country, even in the suburbs, which is really nice. Uh,
SPEAKER_R: mhm
SPEAKER_L: so it's like good and bad. I think I just am such a pacific Northwest girl at heart, My grandma and I email every week and she was telling me that she really only likes it between 40 and 60 degrees and was like, oh that's me to uh like just so limited. I like it cloudy. I like the raid. I don't
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: hot or cold that much. Very limited tolerance. Um And my husband loves the snow and loves the cold and loves the heat. And same with my son. So I guess they're better products of their environment than I am,
SPEAKER_R: that's amazing.
SPEAKER_L: but I don't
SPEAKER_R: I have,
SPEAKER_L: know if I'm not amazing. But are you a student in texas?
SPEAKER_R: I am, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Are you in college? I'm assuming what are you majoring in?
SPEAKER_R: I'm majoring in human resources development.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. So that's Hr basically like anticipate getting an HR job.
SPEAKER_R: sort of kind of, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: What kind of? Okay. Um
SPEAKER_R: mm
SPEAKER_L: Look fair. A lot of people also do, I guess psychology like
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: corporate
SPEAKER_R: then
SPEAKER_L: psychology sometimes do make that career path I guess. I don't think I know anyone who's ever majored in human resources.
SPEAKER_R: I see,
SPEAKER_L: That's fun. Are you closer to graduating or still kind of are you like are you a senior, are you freshman
SPEAKER_R: I'm a sophomore
SPEAKER_L: yourself?
SPEAKER_R: in my first semester. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: You have a couple of years left, so uh you're black.
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: What fun?
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: It's good that you want to do a very long time ago. The first time I went to college I double majored in english and biology. On accidents actually creative writing and biology because I kept thinking I would pick one to be my major and want to be my minor and by the time I was a senior I realized I had done that and
SPEAKER_R: bob,
SPEAKER_L: I was so close to getting both that I just did both. Um And I still didn't end up doing anything with either one of those degrees so it's given to at least know what you want to do and have a plan for how you want to use your degree to get a job. So
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: I did other things I guess. Um Are you at um are you doing school from home? Are you doing school from school? Mm.
SPEAKER_R: I am, yeah, I am currently doing online school. Well everything is online.
SPEAKER_L: everything is online were you? But you were in person last year? Yes. Okay. How's that going?
SPEAKER_R: Online.
SPEAKER_L: I'm not well yeah I mean how do you like how do you feel like you're getting comparable education?
SPEAKER_R: Oh I see. I would say there's still a lot of work and a lot of things to be learned which is good. Like I think having a lot of things to learn and like of course is good um just like on the academic at like side. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: whatever you have to say, I'm kind of curious what that's like because I talked to a lot of my friends how the high schoolers are dealing with it, but I don't have any friends in college anymore so I don't really have anyone to ask how that's going.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I see. Okay, let's see. Um my history class in particular, it's, it's been really, it was really worrisome like how little effort my professor seemed to be putting in because
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: like for my math class for example, we have recorded lectures and also live synchronous sessions. Um VM.
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: Soft teams.
SPEAKER_L: not good. So they're doing both
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but my history professor, we wouldn't have live lectures, he would link us to like this playlist of Videos listed under another course that were recorded 12 years ago. So I it was really hard. I tried um listening to the first lecture and I think I almost fell asleep like while we're trying to. Yeah and I was sitting up and everything. But um and then another thing is that's basically it like Those lectures recorded from 12 years ago and then there was an online textbook that uh we were assigned to access. That it costs like $92 or $86, something like that. And it turns out those assignments were just for extra credit. And
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's harsh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah And then comprising most of our grade are three essays. Oh yeah. And then it's like a limited amount of time. I wish like we would have like a whole day. Well no not a whole day. That's kind of ridiculous to have a whole day to like write an essay. But
SPEAKER_L: So it's like a timed essay. That's odd
SPEAKER_R: Yeah they'll open
SPEAKER_L: for history. That seems odd because I feel like for history you would want to be doing I guess history is what am L. A R A P. A. Anyway? I feel like you would want to be doing citations for something like that which isn't really something you do with timed essays but maybe I'm off.
SPEAKER_R: they've been limit lenient with that. Oh and another thing the T. A. Has been doing most of the work or like basically all of the work
SPEAKER_L: That's so frustrating. I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_R: it was really frustrating. And then um have you heard of Group me before? It's yeah we have like a class group me and someone said that um he had a we call it life threatening illness or something less
SPEAKER_L: Stop.
SPEAKER_R: comestibles and things like that.
SPEAKER_L: So maybe he's like not there because he can't really be there very well. It's so frustrating. The whole 10 year system is really questionable in general because you end up with a lot of teachers who aren't interested in teaching or aren't very good at teaching or don't care anymore. And then you have teachers who are trying their very best. But adjunct professors make on average less than any single student in the class is paying to be in that class. It is Like $1200 per class a semester. It is just ridiculously low. Whereas so it's just such an uneven balance and sometimes amazing professors who are teachers um and who are getting paid really well. But a lot of times, especially in biology, some of the teachers that I had had were not given tenure because they were good teachers, they were given tenure because they published a lot of papers, right? And maybe university like that. So it was just t s teaching the classes like I had a lab where I legitimately never met the teacher of that lab. I only met the T. A. Um one of my 400 level labs. So that was uh
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: it was interesting. Um And as as well I have friends who are teachers and it's just so much work to try and get on the tenure track jobs and there's so few of them. Um It's really the american education system isn't always great at that level. Unfortunately,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um 10 years track he said.
SPEAKER_L: Pioneer track. So the way it works is essentially once you have tenure, Do you know what 10 year is?
SPEAKER_R: I mhm
SPEAKER_L: you have kind of two groups of people teaching at a university who are not teachers assistants who are usually graduate students. Right?
SPEAKER_R: Hi.
SPEAKER_L: So the two groups of people are people with tenure and people who are adjunct professors. People with tenure have a guaranteed salary and have benefits. And that salary is usually at least $90 or $80,000 a year. I can go up to $200 and $300,000 a year. And in the way that like being part of a teachers union makes it very hard to fire someone, People who have tenure are almost unbearable. They don't get performance reviews, they never have their job threatened, They simply agree to what they're going to do and do it. Um Sometimes Junior involves things like publishing certain number of articles, especially in the sciences. So if you're looking at people research projects, um sometimes you have tenured professors who literally only teach one or two classes a semester because they're happily doing research. Um Sometimes you have saying the psychology department and people doing research projects with students, not, not on students, they don't do that anymore.
SPEAKER_R: All right. That was oh. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: it really depends on the teacher, but generally speaking, these are people for every tenure teacher at a university, you have a lot of adjunct professors. So the adjunct professors basically come on just to teach single classes or even five classes, but they're only paid per class. They're paid a very small amount, basically contract work. So like an Uber driver, they don't get any benefits, They don't get sick days, they don't get, They get nothing, they get no insurance. They get basically, they're just paid the $1200 to teach that class. Right? There are jobs called tenure track job where you're essentially auditioning to be a tenure teacher for a significant amount of time. It's better than an adjunct professor. You're not making great money, but it's more reliable and you signed sort of contract. So for a lot of people, there'll be five or six people on tenure track for like maybe only one job that comes up every two years. Right? So all these people are competing to get those jobs and they have to do everything exceptionally well because getting a tenure track job is pretty much the only way to have a reliable income and have a good job that you could potentially retire with. Um The other type of adjunct professors, professors are people who don't rely on the money. So for example, my husband has twice hot class um at the law school that he went to, he has been reached out and been asked a couple of times and twice he agreed to teach a one semester class on the specific type of intellectual property law that he practices. And it's just teaching one class and the pay is not great. But he does it because he's interested in the subject matter and he's interested in doing something different with his brain. So you also have a few teachers out there doing that, but that's usually in your graduate programs. So law school, business school, medical school, you'll even have something like that. So that's kind of the different types of teachers there are, does that make sense? Yeah. Which is why a lot of times, especially freshmen and sophomores get stuck with your T. S. Or adjunct professors who are just there because
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: they have no other way to make money and are super stressed and overworked, which has not worked in it. Um
SPEAKER_R: that really is?
SPEAKER_L: And it also depends on the school you're at, the bigger the school, the less likely you are to have your more like you are to have like a ta, so if you're like at Ohio State 40,000 undergraduate students, it was likely to end up with your teacher teaching your class, right? Whereas if you're at like a small school with 1200 undergraduates in the whole school, there's a different dynamic. Um, yeah, I have a lot of thoughts in american educations, it's not a great system. Uh did you know what you wanted to do when you went to college? Because it's a very, I don't know if the word is like, I don't know anyone who is passionate about human resources, so it seems to me that you probably picked that major with a goal of being hired on to do human resources or they're a different larger plan.
SPEAKER_R: that was my plan actually. Yeah. Just work into human resources like in the like in high school I aspired to. Like I thought that in the future I worked for like a company where like all of the co workers together, we're like this family rather than like competing against one another kind of thing. I thought that
SPEAKER_L: Under
SPEAKER_R: it would be
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: really cool to be part of and cultivate and help cultivate that sort of environment and
SPEAKER_L: you actually have like sort of, you're not just looking to be like a safe office straw, but you're looking to help create
SPEAKER_R: then
SPEAKER_L: a quality work environment for office workers. That's interesting. There's certainly many different ways to run corporate offices, some of them are better than other.
SPEAKER_R: we're go more into detail about that
SPEAKER_L: Oh no, I just mean what you were saying about having a teeth like, so there's There's a lot of research about what is more motivating, right? So
SPEAKER_R: people.
SPEAKER_L: it is a competitive environment more motivating? It depends, is a cooperative environment more motivating? It depends. Um I mean psychology has really figured out over the last 20 or 30 years that what you're talking about is generally a better approach to getting people to be more productive, right? Providing more benefits, providing places where there's open creativity, where people are allowed to be more, have more contributions and giving people more responsibility and more opportunities for growth generally creates uh better quality and quantity work for a company where it used to be bosses yelled at people that with that. Um uh So it's and some companies are lovely to work for some or not, which is why they make lists, right? Best companies to work for in Forbes best companies to work for um for women, best companies to work for, you know, because different companies are better at different things. Um So anyway it's interesting stuff if you're passionate about it, I'm not that passionate
SPEAKER_R: Whose ties
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: me your are you passionate about english and biology, although you didn't really do something with the er do
SPEAKER_L: I mean creative writing uh I mean I'm fascinated and I'm interested but the work itself is boring and as an adult I think I have figured out, I went back into the psychology degree, a bachelor's in psychology and then a masters of psychology and counseling um which was interesting and I think I'm glad that I did psychology later on because there was kind of a move in psychology away from well towards more scientifically based information. So there was a lot more basically the invention of mris and then m re uh ct machines basically we were able to look at the brains a lot better, starting about 15 years ago and it made a difference in the way that psychology approached things. So we know so much more now than we used to. Um I'm really glad I didn't major in psychology when I did because it would not have then as interesting to me. I really like fact based. Um and I think it wouldn't have been as fun psychology turned out to be sort of that happy medium for me because I get bored with the nitty gritty in science. I don't love the math but I do like logical progressions. I like um quite
SPEAKER_R: recently
SPEAKER_L: say that again.
SPEAKER_R: listening perhaps.
SPEAKER_L: Yes I need reasoning and I need the reasoning to not be based on just random observations. I like the scientific process and the scientific process has been applied psychology Significcle better in the last 15 years then it was sort of forever before that it didn't move very well. People just sort of came up with theories and then applied them. Um whereas in the last 15 years if you are publishing in psychology you are publishing based on rigorous scientific research. Right? The protocols, it better the researches that are um a better understanding of brain chemistry about understanding of electrical occurrence of brains even have made a difference. I think history of science might have been fun. It's only a major like three universities in the country but that might have been the most exciting thing to study for me. Um I like learning and I like almost everything is interesting. I read a lot of nonfiction but like on whatever I want right? And it doesn't have to be genre specific. Last week I read a book from the library called The Secret Life of grocery stores and it's called The Secret life of cows. My husband has started ordering books about random things, right? But like the things you don't know about grocery stores about their creation about
SPEAKER_R: No that's interesting. I
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: will make it wrote
SPEAKER_L: the secret life of grocery stores was better than the secret life of cows. Although the secret life of cows is not shorter because the secret life of cows was more like tugging on your heartstrings about personality and interests of cows. I definitely reaffirms my reduce meat consumption, but it was a little less secret. Um But actually if you're doing human resources there's a lot of interesting business practices going on in grocery stores. Um And then who's buying and selling them and how they're created. Um But that's good. Um But I read almost everything I love science, I like pop psychology um to read. Um I guess you're probably reading really boring textbooks even if only for extra credit, not mine.
SPEAKER_R: Your credit. If only I would love to read textbooks for extra credit honestly. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I mean is there anything that you are really excited to take classes in that aren't related to your major? Like because I think you'll probably get to take if you are double majoring. Hopefully you get some more freedom and what you're allowed to pick. Right?
SPEAKER_R: yeah I actually I've been mainly focused on like human resources development. I haven't really thought about what I want to minor in or if I wanted to double major yeah.
SPEAKER_L: You haven't like are you you should be taking a history course. Does your school just require just like any history course? Do they let you pick what you wanted to take
SPEAKER_R: Special big ones for prerequisites
SPEAKER_L: boy? That was a little boring, right? Like I think I mean the second time I grabbed a Bachelor's in just one year because I had every pre work you could ever have done right? I had my math done. My language is everything. I just did. What basically took a year was to take every psychology class that I needed to take um a year and a half actually. Um I guess like I remember being able to pick like I had to take like three credits of an art, right? So I got to pick if I take like a history of music or a history of art or an actual music class. Um Do you do you guys get to do any of that? Like picking something fun?
SPEAKER_R: Um In terms of electives, yes like uh I believe it's a liberal arts credit for that. I'm doing logics or like intro to philosophy. This is yeah
SPEAKER_L: That'll be fun. I think kind of I should like it's one of them I should like, so I should like philosophy more than I do. I think it's the best way to like it can be so different, right? It can be like the philosophies of different world religions. Super fascinating. But like that real nitty gritty western, like if A equals B. Then B equals C. And this is the logic. Like there's this weird, I don't even know what to put at Western greek or roman philosophy style that's just so boring to me. It depends. Are you taking the class now? What is it focusing on more?
SPEAKER_R: it's been focusing on reasoning. Like we've been doing symbolism um what he called it simple as um I am blinking here. Oh proofs proofs is the other thing
SPEAKER_L: that's the thing I'm talking about proofs I don't
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: like through,
SPEAKER_R: don't like proofs can be really difficult. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: well that reminds me of geometry in a way that I just don't need in my life. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I didn't like to young machine much either. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: nope. I loved algebra, I loved chemistry, hated geometry, still hate geometry. My son is taking geometry now and I am completely unable to help him because I'm just interested in re learning it and be just like annoyed listening to him talk about it.
SPEAKER_R: Oh it's new.
SPEAKER_L: It's just not, I don't know. My brain doesn't like it. I'm not great with like visual spatial awareness either. I think there's some there's areas of my brain that work great in areas that are not great.
SPEAKER_R: I'm on it forming tune. That's okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So visual spatial awareness is when I think geometry, I have a very difficult time turning stuff into three D. Space shapes in my brain. Um And the math wasn't very interesting and it never felt very purposeful, which is probably just me because I'm not interested in, say for example architecture. Um whereas for algebra I could always apply it in other places and so it felt more like relevant to my brain maybe. Uh which is fair I guess. Um Do you, so are you really bored then? I guess that's the big question is our colleges with students at home, are the students still doing groups? Like are they still doing anything outside of classes? You know what I mean? Like? Like
SPEAKER_R: I see.
SPEAKER_L: do you still have drama club, do you still have um like volunteer organizations? Do you still have whatever the fun things is you were hopefully doing last year? Uh like have they replaced that in any way?
SPEAKER_R: um that was ultimately up to clubs as, as long as we do like social distancing the university just sort of like Stewart one thing and hope we like follow the guidelines and everything. But this semester I'm definitely a lot less involved in like the like the club's scene than I wasn't like previous years. Like for example last semester I would go to like yoga every Tuesday or thursday at a certain time for like a meditation kind of thing. It would be like a spoken
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: meditation like you would closed everyone close your eyes and then a person would like talk about stuff and
SPEAKER_L: Like a guided meditation where they brought everyone together through something? Okay. That's cool awesome.
SPEAKER_R: And then I also was part of like this robotics like mentorship program for like little elementary school kids
SPEAKER_L: About
SPEAKER_R: that were close
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: to the university. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Well that's fun. You're probably not doing that this year. Probably
SPEAKER_R: probably.
SPEAKER_L: not robotics anymore for little kids. Um So you so you're are you still doing that or you're not doing that this year? Right.
SPEAKER_R: I'm not in any clubs actually. It honestly didn't occur to me because it feels like everything was just always packed together and there's always something more to do or something I could be doing and yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: Well at least I guess we can focus on academics if we're not doing anything else, are you? And you said you're at home you're not in dorms.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, I'm at home
SPEAKER_L: Is that annoying? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: when it gets noisy. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Do you have a lot
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: of schools? Good.
SPEAKER_R: lot of, oh I've one sibling actually, he's older than me and he's already graduated college.
SPEAKER_L: so hopefully not crazy noisy then we believe.
SPEAKER_R: My parents
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No. You see.
SPEAKER_R: well. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That's funny. What? That's funny. My husband and I are so quiet. Although to be fair we have basically given our son the first floor even though his bedroom is the third floor and my husband, I just like finger on the second floor all the time. I guess maybe that's it. It might be noisier if we were closer together. Funny. I can't imagine my parents being super loud. Especially my mom, she was always like crafting or doing things with their hands with her headphones and is it because they don't wear headphones?
SPEAKER_R: cool. Oh no, no, no, it's like they'd be talking or more aggressively talking if you know what I mean.
SPEAKER_L: frustrating.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. And then, especially because it's online, we have Proctor tests, so were recorded um bye cam an audio and yeah.
SPEAKER_L: But yeah my son's been doing those as well online school and actually this year we signed him up for an online school because his school was being so weird about what they thought they would and wouldn't do kept changing it. So I pulled him out from school for this year and sign them up for online school which has been good and bad. Um Like he misses his friends but also his friends are like no it's awful, everything is a mess. So um You know it's still it's a little different but we also feel like because he's doing an online school, been there for more than 10 years, all the teachers already know how to teach online. The curriculum is designed to be online, so it's less of like a teacher in a classroom talking to like a bunch of kids on google who are all like she doesn't know how to pass out things or do things because anyway it's a little better. Um But it's yeah it's um he's really lonely I think,
SPEAKER_R: Who?
SPEAKER_L: especially he misses, he's like a super um you know those kids who do everything all the time, do you remember high school is like that who were in like every club and in sports and still managed to hang out with their friends and honestly didn't need to sleep like one of those kids and so he's just like he's like walking around he's so born.
SPEAKER_R: that's really cool. Like, like he sounds like more well rounded. That's good.
SPEAKER_L: I mean he is uh well rounded and also um really focused on exceptional of them I guess.
SPEAKER_R: You know? So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah like um okay so my husband is from Taiwan and everyone in his family is exceptional and so my son believes that he has to be exceptional. So he has to go to johns Hopkins like his dad which
SPEAKER_R: what,
SPEAKER_L: means he has to have a perfect 5.0. G. P. A. In every club and compete nationally at music and do sports and basically he's just trying really hard to be the
SPEAKER_R: why
SPEAKER_L: best he can
SPEAKER_R: not?
SPEAKER_L: be. But he also has the energy for it. I was like I worked hard and I did well but I was not like I really liked sleeping and on saturday you know what I mean? Uh So a lot of this sort of accept this attitude of exceptionalism. Like he has to have something that he's working towards all the time, like he doesn't hang out but now he has actual free time and like he's practicing his instruments that he can only practice for three or four hours a day and he still has time. So he's just like
SPEAKER_R: that's very
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: dedicated,
SPEAKER_L: he really dedicated to music, but he's also kind of bored and so he like he wanders around down there, he started cooking more for himself, like finding recipes and trying to conquer them which is
SPEAKER_R: Wow. At 15. That's
SPEAKER_L: okay. But I mean isn't that what like 15 year olds do when they're bored right? They find something to do.
SPEAKER_R: True. But I feel like most 15 year olds nowadays wouldn't be that productive, like not working on a skill, but more so like perhaps um on social media or like, you know, like uh Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I mean he just a little over the summer, he wrote a book with two other friends and they like they did google needs for that. Um A lot. But I think part of the problem is everyone else is also doing online school
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: and online everything our time is almost up. Um But they get like, I think they get kind of bored of being on zoom and they get bored of being on social media and he's not a big video game player. So he kind of like is looking for some sort of analog diversion. Like he just is so he's so bored
SPEAKER_R: yes, no, no,
SPEAKER_L: and I think he's like, I don't know, I think it's hard because he wants to be talking to people. But my husband, I are boring. He doesn't want to talk to us anymore.
SPEAKER_R: I thought you guys are boring. I really doubt that.
SPEAKER_L: Well, but we don't have like everyone's at home all the time. Right? So it's not like we have any stories about what we did today, right? Like
SPEAKER_R: well, well, well
SPEAKER_L: um I did some tutoring. Um, and I've sort of been taking a break from working. Um
SPEAKER_R: that's good. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: uh, Yeah, it's okay. I'm bored, but I did the right thing to take a break. Other people, like there was less work and other people needed the job more. So I'm sort of, I'm doing this, I'm doing a lot of prolific, which is kind of fun. Um, but it's been hard for him. I will let him know that the college students are also at home. Um, but there are still clubs, you'd probably be excited to know. There's still clubs because almost all the clubs got canceled. Um, perhaps
SPEAKER_R: I see.
SPEAKER_L: because they couldn't figure out how to do them safely. I guess it's about where to put it and teachers didn't want to volunteer to do online, like because the kids aren't allowed to just have clubs. You know what I mean? Because teachers have to be there. Because for like, legal reasons, I can't just let the kids have meetings that are part of the school without a teacher there, but
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: right. It's kind of stupid. So some of the clubs are just meeting and not telling the teachers, but they can't really put that on their transcripts anymore because they're not part of the school. They're
SPEAKER_R: well,
SPEAKER_L: basically just kids hanging out with common interests now. Uh
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: But like it's hard to do drama over the zoom. It's hard to do music over sam. So
SPEAKER_R: round
SPEAKER_L: it is a lot of it. Um It looks like our time is up. I think it's just 25 minutes, right?
SPEAKER_R: Oh, you're right. We have been talking for about 36 minutes, but it's it's so nice talking. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: We ask a lot of questions. I feel like I talk too much when I do these, but I think it's because I don't actually get to talk anymore during the day. Do what I mean? Like I'm used to either teaching because I teach montessori or tutoring. Um And I'm not really doing much of either one, so I'm spending a lot of time not talking anymore. And so then when I'm talking to some like, oh I'm
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: know, it's once oh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: boy,
SPEAKER_L: so sorry if I was talking over you at all, I can't
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: even
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: at
SPEAKER_L: can't
SPEAKER_R: all.
SPEAKER_L: tell if I'm doing that anymore either. I think because I've basically been quarantining since March and so it's just very strange. I feel like I'm getting weirder.
SPEAKER_R: guys, that's
SPEAKER_L: Different.
SPEAKER_R: good. I mean I feel like this world needs more weird
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: and like less like conformity and you know, basics kind of uh
SPEAKER_L: I definitely feel less conform, but mostly because I'm not sure what the mold is supposed to look like anymore. Oh hi, I'm doing one of my things. Do you want to say hi hot.
SPEAKER_R: hello,
SPEAKER_L: Um Can I finish up here? Okay. Remember I said I was doing mine at five when you tell a lesson. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: thank you. Ah
SPEAKER_L: One nice.
SPEAKER_R: mm hmm.
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: Oh,
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: take
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: away
SPEAKER_R: it?
SPEAKER_L: he left. He's not very good when I tell him I'm going to be doing something that actually remembering what that was going to be.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I see.
SPEAKER_L: All right. So that was him. He's apparently come up the stairs. He probably wants me to make him dinner. Um
SPEAKER_R: uh um I have a question. You said you teach monastery is
SPEAKER_L: martin. Sorry. Um There's a style of teaching that is particularly very old since the 1800s. It's specifically focused on like um The first age group which is like 3-6 year olds. And it is designed around the way that three and sexual actually learn. So there's when they're three there's a lot of emphasis on actually learning, like moving from gross movements down to fine motor movements for learning. Um And you progress in each area of learning at your own pace. So if you're a really good reader, you move more quickly in reading. If you're really good at math, you can move more quickly and each student learns at their own pace and independently gets to kind of choose the work that they do. Um It's really fantastic educational theory. It's been around for a really long time, but it really is focused on younger students. So um I work as a substitute teacher in the public schools, which I'm not doing right now because there are not very many jobs, and I took my name off the list because financially we're okay without it. Um And I usually do quite a bit of substituting for a Montessori school that is a private school that I work at. Um And I'm doing a little bit of that, They're still running some of the classrooms, but with reduced kids. And then um I'm also doing a little bit of tutoring online. I usually do more online tutoring, but I think students don't want to be tutored on right now because they're doing their classes online. Um, and so in a couple of my students graduated from high school last year and I just haven't made much of an
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: effort to pick up the tutoring. So
SPEAKER_R: missy
SPEAKER_L: it's, yeah. Yeah. And I tutor really specific things I do tutoring for ap psychology and to doing for ap human geography and violence. So I only tutor like individual classes. I don't tutor like basic reading or math. We should not ask me to tutor math anyway. So those if I don't pick up new students. Um, and then a lot of those classes have lower enrollment because of the way high schools are doing things anyway. So I'm only teaching a couple of kids right now. Is it doing okay? I guess?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think that's really altruistic of you to not like to take your name off of the substitute teacher list so that others can
SPEAKER_L: I mean it's 5050, right. I mean, part of it is if I can reduce my risk of catching coronavirus in an area that's very bad right now. That's a good news. The second one is, my husband makes fairly good money and
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: federal, like my income is not thanks. All of my income put together is still less than probably 20% of what we make each year. So
SPEAKER_R: I'll send
SPEAKER_L: where
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: I know that my teacher friends are struggling a lot of them. So
SPEAKER_R: certain that
SPEAKER_L: the ones who need the work, we're just going to let them have the work and then there's like the bonus of knowing that I'm not likely to catch coronavirus. If I'm not out there growing the virus. I guess it was, it was kind of a twofold. That's nice of you to say it's altruistic. I think. I don't know if it makes me nice, but I think I would feel really bad if I was teaching and knew that other people needed that spot who relied on that income. You know what I mean? Uh Like I feel less like I'm being nice and like less like I'm just not being awful, do what I mean.
SPEAKER_R: that's also a very good point.
SPEAKER_L: You know, it's not like I feel like, oh I'm helping my teachers, it's more like, wow, I have to be a real jerk to take those jobs right? Like it has to be pretty sketchy to
SPEAKER_R: our
SPEAKER_L: take.
SPEAKER_R: world, we're thinking it's like very honest and real estate yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, and I think, you know, I'm privileged that I can be honest about that.
SPEAKER_R: and symbols,
SPEAKER_L: Like I said, I can't tell what the normal boxes for much anymore. Uh I think you'll be excellent human resources, you are very calm and soothing person. I think that you probably do very well.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: really, really hope so. I hope to do my best, but honestly I still don't have work experience and I'm a bit worried about that, but I'm trying not to stress about that because right now classes are like these oh, they should be.
SPEAKER_L: well and remember to do try and do unpaid internships if you can. Their total crap and it's a horrible system but but if you can manage to get internships over the summer next year and this year it makes a difference. You know what I mean? Uh And remember any work experience is better than no work experience. So even if you work as a cashier at target you can put on your resume. I know how to show up to a job on top. Like that sort of this proves that I have shown up at a job on time and done when people have told me and have not been fired from that job.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my goodness,
SPEAKER_L: We
SPEAKER_R: very
SPEAKER_L: wouldn't be here
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: surprise that there are people who get all the way through graduate school and have never worked a single job. It is,
SPEAKER_R: Whoa,
SPEAKER_L: yeah. It happens every now and then. Um So. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I can believe that
SPEAKER_L: Right. It's weird, right?
SPEAKER_R: then. Well then how do people get jobs?
SPEAKER_L: They have a problem to have a hard time. My husband does not, my husband interviews for their paid internships for his law firm and those are people in law school, but they have, they've had people come through who literally never even like life guarded or something and they know they do not hire them even for the paid internship,
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I was about
SPEAKER_L: they don't get hired, but they have hired people who honestly have never, like, it's that no one is coming in to get a law internship. Most of them are not paralegals, right? They've never had a lot of job. Most of them have had a science job. That's why they're applying to work where he's at. But they have taken people who have only ever been like a waiter at TGI Fridays, right? They just
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: want someone that they know has had a job, right?
SPEAKER_R: see
SPEAKER_L: Someone who
SPEAKER_R: demonstrate reliability and
SPEAKER_L: that's the
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: state
SPEAKER_R: it can.
SPEAKER_L: reliability. And you can even, even if you're, especially for someone who's applying for HR jobs, if you have worked in a job where you deal with angry or upset customers that
SPEAKER_R: Or
SPEAKER_L: is incredibly applicable to an extra stuff, right?
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: you. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: I haven't dealt with angry and irate employees but I have helped with customers having issues or upset customers or I've been able to de escalate this situation, right? And pretty much almost any retail job gives you experience that is applicable in that way. Right? It's about framing it. You'll figure it out. Just get a job
SPEAKER_R: Brown.
SPEAKER_L: right to get a job. Any Travis that is a no
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: job.
SPEAKER_R: heard retail was terrible though.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, it's awful. I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: worked
SPEAKER_R: will
SPEAKER_L: with.
SPEAKER_R: look forward to that awful and I will do my best at that awful. I'm afraid of those managers or co workers, well,
SPEAKER_L: Ah you'll
SPEAKER_R: can't
SPEAKER_L: be fine.
SPEAKER_R: be afraid of co workers because they're always co
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: workers.
SPEAKER_L: can be afraid of coworkers. What option is to not necessarily look to work at target? Right? But to work at say in more independent store with less employees in general can be nice. So or even a company that's just more well known for being a company that's nice to work for. Right? So instead of working at Target work at like ari I don't know if you know what that is.
SPEAKER_R: The outdoors. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: right there known for treating their employees really well and generally
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: having a nice work environment. Right? And because you're dealing with such a smaller set of stuff you're less likely to have like you're going to have a slightly better clientele. Right? If you pick a place where people are less likely to be having horrible days when they're coming in where you work most people don't go to R. E. I. On there like home from work when they're totally rushed and their kids are upset that they've forgotten for dinner. Which is definitely what you get at a grocery store. I worked at the grocery store for three years or working at like a Target right? So if you can pick a place or even just like it just depends on what you're interested in. But if you can just find something that's just a little more targeted and specific you can kind of sort of reduce the stress level of the people who are shopping if that makes sense?
SPEAKER_R: okay. So choose wisely but also choose anything.
SPEAKER_L: You have a choice to pick wisely. But if you don't still take the dog that target, right?
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: But also like you know if you can avoid doing like the 11 at night mini mart job probably trying to uh you'll be fine. I guess we really should go. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Oh
SPEAKER_L: I got.
SPEAKER_R: I'm really sounded like when this tab closes like that will be it. But because of that I don't feel embarrassed at all saying like this is like a really, really riveting and like eye opening conversation and like I enjoyed it. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: it's because
SPEAKER_R: and I don't mind at all that like you talk
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: like as much as you thought. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: oh I appreciate it. I will say you probably, even if you didn't see me again, I feel people should always, I say this to my son all the time. If you have something genuinely nice to say it's never going to hurt anybody to say it, right? So
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh
SPEAKER_L: and it usually makes people like you more
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's interesting. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Like if you think about it, the people that you like are probably nice to you or you see them 90 nice to other people or the people that you admire right? You see them being confident and willing to like, the first thing you said to me was that you like my glasses. That's
SPEAKER_R: I did.
SPEAKER_L: one thing probably could you actually like my glasses to just be genuine, right? Like um I competent people in line a lot mostly because I have a little bit of A. D. H. D. And so I'm always like looking around and everything, but I'm never like I like your bag when I don't like their bag. I only say that when I actually like their bag.
SPEAKER_R: like I like your crocodile skin bag. I'm definitely not thinking of the animal that came it came from. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: But I mean, I think like it's just think about how nice it is when someone gives you a compliment. Like that's lovely. I haven't had a compliment in a while because I spent all my time in my house.
SPEAKER_R: Oh I won't like you reconnect or like spend time with your friends more or like find a balance.
SPEAKER_L: Mostly I will say when you get into your late thirties and early forties and mostly I'm marco Polo. It's an app where you just like leave messages because everyone is too busy to actually have a conversation. So you leave like voice video calls and then they can listen to whatever they want and respond whenever they want. So probably more complaining about our days than it used to be before the corn.
SPEAKER_R: that's gonna be interesting.
SPEAKER_L: Like, because no one's going out and seeing like fun shows. We're not going out to lunch. Like I have all these memberships, to things that leg. I'm not doing any my volunteer work, so I don't have stuff to talk about. Their like sort of just like, what books am I reading? You know, what is my son doing with this time? Plus uh one day, one day in the future. Like I don't travel anymore. You want to know what I did with all the money I make. I just travel.
SPEAKER_R: Silver.
SPEAKER_L: I personally find my own traveling, that's what I do with it.
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: I travel all over the world except for now. I don't travel anywhere.
SPEAKER_R: have a little Germany
SPEAKER_L: I happened to Germany. I have weirdly managed to go over most of Western europe without ever going to Ireland Scotland or England, which is so impressive because they speak english and
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: it was like, I've
SPEAKER_R: and what?
SPEAKER_L: been to Germany by train, most of it was just going through. Um But my dad was there for a couple of years in this fluent in german. Um I spent the longest time in the Netherlands. I was an exchange student for a year and the Netherlands um where actually everyone speaks english and no one expects you to learn dutch. So I highly recommend if you want to go and play where they think english people in the Netherlands all speak german and dutch and english and french. They are all incredibly multi lingual
SPEAKER_R: Oh my goodness,
SPEAKER_L: because you know in the world speaks dutch right? Like think about it, you kind of have to be at least bilingual if you live in a country that's like the size of Rhode island and if you always look like that would so limit your life. Um Germany lovely. The mountains are surprisingly beautiful. Um Some of the architecture is very interesting because it's very like here's a really old, beautiful thing and then a lot of like very stark architecture, although I guess you see a lot of that and a lot of european countries, it's very interesting for countries that were like a communist for a while. So you'll be in an area where it's like lots of beautiful, lovely, very old architecture and then a bunch of the ugliest square buildings you've ever seen and then like new nice buildings and it's like you can point and be like, oh look there's communism because it's literally the apartments they built during communism and that's why there's that ugly because it was all like Oster austere austerity, like just no lean towards beauty or joy or type
SPEAKER_R: just fancy
SPEAKER_L: of.
SPEAKER_R: and capacity cramp one into like oh
SPEAKER_L: very lame. Um But I mostly reason I'm always going up in texas airports is because I mostly travel. The places I go over and over again are like Costa rica, um, Costa rica a lot Panama, Mexico. Um I used to go to Nicaragua but I don't anymore believes uh, a couple of times. Like I just keep going to that sort of central american area because I like it there because my spanish is okay. Okay,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: thought what
SPEAKER_L: so that's where I travel the most and so I'm always flying through texas or Atlanta weirdly. So, um thanks for chatting. I really, it's nice. You should continue to say nice things to people and I'll see you have a really nice voice.
SPEAKER_R: I do oh
SPEAKER_L: Um
SPEAKER_R: thank me and it's,
SPEAKER_L: do you watch Youtube at all?
SPEAKER_R: I do unhelpfully unhealthy amounts I think or used to it's better now yeah
SPEAKER_L: And are moving more towards a healthy these days. Okay. So uh there was someone and I don't know if she's still on Buzzfeed but she used to be on Buzzfeed. Her voice is a little softer the nearest, But your inflection is the same effort except you don't have as much of an accent but it's inga from Buzzfeed who makes really sweet delicious dessert treats and then sometimes but
SPEAKER_R: inga
SPEAKER_L: and you gotta but the tone and quality of your voice is similar to her. It's nice. Um It's like it gives us soothing quality. Like if you listen to her many things or talk through things it's very like calming and relaxing. Like it's like you want to listen to her talk about things because you believe that she only has the best of intentions.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh, she must simply does
SPEAKER_L: Uh Well yeah and she cooks I mean she's making food it's hard to have that attention.
SPEAKER_R: very Gordon Ramsay absolutely and
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: everything
SPEAKER_L: awful. I'm very rude although my husband's only once in real life he's not supposed to be that he's not that mean in real life but I don't want to listen to someone yell.
SPEAKER_R: like how have you seen hell's kitchen?
SPEAKER_L: My husband has watched it so I have listened to it in the background. It does not do that to be
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: so fun
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: angry.
SPEAKER_R: who?
SPEAKER_L: I just uh what I was, I don't like reality television where people are mean to each other.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, I feel you
SPEAKER_L: I just, I like, I like reality television where everyone is really nice to everybody.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I used to think the same
SPEAKER_L: It's like this much a reality television where people that I can watch. There's not a lot of it. Uh yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: not even nothing wrong with it. It's just not what I enjoy. My husband was yelling. Gordon Ramsay.
SPEAKER_R: it's so funny and it's like, I don't know like I laugh at it because I'm like I really could do the same thing, I could under cook the scallops, I could not have a lamb sauce, I could undercooked
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: the chicken like
SPEAKER_L: Okay. See. And I wouldn't even try and make the scallions because I don't know how I like watching
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: impartially because I'm just like an okay cook. I'm a very good pie baker, but that's like my only actual technical
SPEAKER_R: welcome.
SPEAKER_L: skills that otherwise I'm like, I can add this sauce to my chicken and phrase it, but that's like the end of, but I've like purchased this delicious sauce. My son is becoming a better cook than me. It's not good.
SPEAKER_R: you guys can bond perhaps? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: He wants to do everything himself that everything sit on the counter and watch him. But honestly, even though he like, he just, he doesn't curl his fingers enough when he's slicing and one day you may or may not be apparent. But if you ever are a parent, it's very difficult not to tell your child over and over again that they're going to cut off their fingers. I'm not watching him do it. I don't make him about it right.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm
SPEAKER_L: Like I see him right off with his bike helmet. I'm just going to believe that he leaves it on. I actually think he does, but I can just like, no, it's on. I don't need to watch him. He's fine out there. Let him live his life. That's a good idea. Maybe I should teach him how big pies he might be interested. They
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: didn't
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: really like pies, right?
SPEAKER_R: Do you have a favorite pie to me?
SPEAKER_L: Oh goodness. Yes. Um I am passionate about pie. You asked me what I'm passionate about, I'm passionate about pie. Um like the top 20. Um a few years ago I begged, threw a pie book called by ken Kendrick called pie and it was literally 300 pie recipes and I did all 300 of them. It took years. Um My absolute favorite apple pie is one that has like a little bit of sour cream baked into it, but somewhere, but it makes a creamy texture. Um I weird passes, I really like, I really like cake, carrot custard pie that's almost like a pumpkin pie, but with carrot flavor and it's the most beautiful color. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Okay,
SPEAKER_L: I like whipped, I like complicated fluffy pies. So not one like the meringue on top but ones where there's a whip cream and something that's gelatin ized and something that is like your meringue that gets slowly folded in together to make it incredibly light and fluffy. There's
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: a watermelon recipe. I like that does that like a lemon chiffon does that. Those are really delicious. Um I like some simple southern pies that I didn't know about. Um They might have them in texas. There's something called a chess pie which is like the simplest pie to make in the whole wide world but it's very delicious. Um
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: by
SPEAKER_L: it's just like it's almost like the most simple sort of vanilla basic pie you can make but it's easy to do and really tasty. Um
SPEAKER_R: Oh
SPEAKER_L: And I think it comes from the south, it has like a little bit of cornmeal in it which sounds weird but that's the only weird ingredient. Um I like oh a maple custard, so it's like a traditional custard. Do you ever get a little chinese egg tart?
SPEAKER_R: um I believe I have before,
SPEAKER_L: You ever go to a chinese bakery there? Like there's thousands of them but they're all kind
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: of the same size, They have a yellow custard, it's almost exactly that custard consistency, the flavors with maple syrup, it's so delicious. Um Yeah so I like all the pies. I don't like bananas, so I had a really hard time with the banana pies because I think bananas are weird when you push them up and then just touched. Really? I don't love them. Um Fruit pies. I like peaches, peach pie, I like pear, but like with chinese five spice instead of like a traditional cinnamon, chinese five spice. And pear is the most amazing pyre pie. So
SPEAKER_R: building
SPEAKER_L: if people
SPEAKER_R: noted,
SPEAKER_L: like if you take any regular para pie and you do instead it'll it'll say like cinnamon and nutmeg or whatever instead do chinese five spice amazing the flavor.
SPEAKER_R: Thanks
SPEAKER_L: Just so good, it's so easy to do and so good. Um. Yeah I mean those are my those are some of the ones I like. Um. Yeah I have a pie recipe for all occasions and for any type of occasion I guess. Um Summer winter fall. Uh There are things that I don't love for sure. Oh um I don't like there's a couple weird squash pies that are made out of squashes. I'm not a sweet potato pie person that's for sure. Um And
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: like most of the pecan pie recipes out there I think are too sweet and they don't do anything to balance it, like it's just like goo and pecans and I want something else. Um I mean you have another pie question maybe that's what we should have been talking.
SPEAKER_R: Have you been to house of pies? That sounds like right up your alley?
SPEAKER_L: I have not been to house of pies. Is it like a like a pie store where they sell the pies?
SPEAKER_R: it's like a diner sort of, and then they have like all kinds of pies or like a lot of pies, not all kinds of pies, but Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: they probably don't have it in Cleveland because I feel like I would know about it if they did. Um It might be like a local thing but how supply sounds familiar so maybe it's like more like less regional and bigger and I just don't know about it. I mean probably although the problem with making pies for song as I have become particular over mass produced pies because they usually have to money chemicals in them or what I
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: mean like or they sort of do Chiti methods and they aren't like I can buy really fresh good fruit and I can pick the kind of apples I put into what I mean, where like if you're making it for everyone and probably just picking the cheapest apples where I like to mix a
SPEAKER_R: God,
SPEAKER_L: granny smith and like a honey credit. So I get a lot of tart, but I also get um a lot of like I like a lot of flavor. Um Yeah, these are my pie thoughts. I can't believe you're writing this doubt.
SPEAKER_R: I mean, yes, it's really messy, but uh here's my scribble
SPEAKER_L: So if you're looking to make a pie for the first time, I recommend an apple pie because it's really hard to mess them up. We're a chess pie because it's super super hard to mess up a chess pie
SPEAKER_R: chess
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: or chest like chest and I've
SPEAKER_L: like um like a chess game.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, okay, chest by gotcha. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: you'll you'll find that really easy to do and it's not too sweet but it's like a really simple thing. It's great because it cuts really neatly so you can make it really look nice. But I mean to work too hard. Um There is a woman out of Seattle who
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: just said a book called pie optometry who does the most churches an instagram account. If you can find it, it's under part three. But she does the most beautiful art at a pie press you've ever seen with geometric shapes and like weaving her stuff is so beautiful and it's super inspirational and I'm just way too lazy. Um But the book paihama tree, if you can get from the library, I'm a big library user because I want too many books to buy them
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: all.
SPEAKER_R: libraries?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah so if you can find that it just came out like within a couple of months ago it is her stuff is like the most inspiring beautiful thing I've ever seen. Um
SPEAKER_R: well,
SPEAKER_L: And she does a lot of custard styles too, but totally worth checking out and their recipes in there, which from the reviews sound good.
SPEAKER_R: couldn't
SPEAKER_L: So okay,
SPEAKER_R: nana?
SPEAKER_L: we're going to go this time because I know I have to cook for people or they're going to be hungry and then they're
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: gonna
SPEAKER_R: want
SPEAKER_L: wonder
SPEAKER_R: more.
SPEAKER_L: what I was doing.
SPEAKER_R: All right. I hope you take the most care and have the best life and
SPEAKER_L: You know, and good luck with your, with your classes and hopefully you'll be able to go back to school next year in person.
SPEAKER_R: As an introvert, I'm kind of
SPEAKER_L: You're
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: doing
SPEAKER_R: love you.
SPEAKER_L: My husband, he's perfectly happy wandering the house and like you no longer goes to lunch with friends, so he's able to just like watch hello during lunch. He's so happy in
SPEAKER_R: Calling
SPEAKER_L: his own little life.
SPEAKER_R: reason.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And he doesn't have to meet with clients very often anymore. You no one bothers it. Pretty happy actually. I
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: mean
SPEAKER_R: also
SPEAKER_L: a little crazy, you'll be fine and you'll probably be really good at your job. I think you'll be very really, you know what focus on the fact that you have a really calming influence. And I think you'll probably find that you're really good at the escalating situations because I don't see you getting overly frazzled or like emotionally upset by people. You know what I mean? Play to that skill as an introvert. You're
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: probably better at sort of like setting your feelings aside and just like focusing on the people in front of you and finding a solution and not getting drawn into well being really upset. I could never work in HR because when people are really upset I get really upset and then I'm emotional and then I'm the one freaking out. We should not ever. Which
SPEAKER_R: I'm Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: is also why I don't practice as a counselor because I realized I was not good at that. Um So I went to college and got the masters that they never practiced. So because I just don't think I could do it successfully. I can't be very objective and I can't not care enough to do it if that makes sense. So yeah, it's okay if you it's okay. Don't feel bad. I enjoyed that. I got the education and I like my life
SPEAKER_R: You know, thank you so much for taking the time to talk more than me than like the 25 I
SPEAKER_L: if I could, I honestly would do these all day with people. It's so much more fun than just reading my books some more. So, thank you for talking to me for this long for
SPEAKER_R: of course.
SPEAKER_L: their
SPEAKER_R: Any well not any time, but
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Alright, bye. Thank
SPEAKER_R: Take
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: care.