Hello,
How are you doing today? I love your glasses there, like a tourist cell.
Yeah. Brown is really pretty colored that goes with
everything.
Who?
Whoa. Yeah,
I don't think that's sad at all. And wait, you're 37. What? I thought, wow, I see, I thought you were like in college or I'm sorry. Mhm
Well his
towel,
what? Tell us.
Oh hello. Is he not?
Um, I see.
I am located in texas.
commonly
thank
you.
do I like it? Um I do wish there was more colder weather here.
I would love snow and
the
rocky.
Ooh,
wow, that's pretty cool. No,
I'm
that's so lovely.
Oh, look at it.
Oh, I see. I was saying that's lovely like that you have snow, but what do you think of it
you think?
What?
mhm
and
that's amazing.
I have,
I am, yeah,
I'm majoring in human resources development.
sort of kind of, yeah.
mm
And
then
I see,
I'm a sophomore
in my first semester. Yeah.
Thank
you.
bob,
No,
I am, yeah, I am currently doing online school. Well everything is online.
Online.
Oh I see. I would say there's still a lot of work and a lot of things to be learned which is good. Like I think having a lot of things to learn and like of course is good um just like on the academic at like side. Okay.
Oh, I see. Okay, let's see. Um my history class in particular, it's, it's been really, it was really worrisome like how little effort my professor seemed to be putting in because
like for my math class for example, we have recorded lectures and also live synchronous sessions. Um VM.
Soft teams.
Yeah, but my history professor, we wouldn't have live lectures, he would link us to like this playlist of Videos listed under another course that were recorded 12 years ago. So I it was really hard. I tried um listening to the first lecture and I think I almost fell asleep like while we're trying to. Yeah and I was sitting up and everything. But um and then another thing is that's basically it like Those lectures recorded from 12 years ago and then there was an online textbook that uh we were assigned to access. That it costs like $92 or $86, something like that. And it turns out those assignments were just for extra credit. And
Yeah And then comprising most of our grade are three essays. Oh yeah. And then it's like a limited amount of time. I wish like we would have like a whole day. Well no not a whole day. That's kind of ridiculous to have a whole day to like write an essay. But
Yeah they'll open
they've been limit lenient with that. Oh and another thing the T. A. Has been doing most of the work or like basically all of the work
it was really frustrating. And then um have you heard of Group me before? It's yeah we have like a class group me and someone said that um he had a we call it life threatening illness or something less
comestibles and things like that.
Well
Yeah. Um 10 years track he said.
I mhm
Hi.
All right. That was oh. Mhm.
What?
that really is?
that was my plan actually. Yeah. Just work into human resources like in the like in high school I aspired to. Like I thought that in the future I worked for like a company where like all of the co workers together, we're like this family rather than like competing against one another kind of thing. I thought that
it would be
really cool to be part of and cultivate and help cultivate that sort of environment and
then
we're go more into detail about that
people.
Whose ties
me your are you passionate about english and biology, although you didn't really do something with the er do
recently
listening perhaps.
No that's interesting. I
will make it wrote
Your credit. If only I would love to read textbooks for extra credit honestly. Yeah.
yeah I actually I've been mainly focused on like human resources development. I haven't really thought about what I want to minor in or if I wanted to double major yeah.
Special big ones for prerequisites
Um In terms of electives, yes like uh I believe it's a liberal arts credit for that. I'm doing logics or like intro to philosophy. This is yeah
it's been focusing on reasoning. Like we've been doing symbolism um what he called it simple as um I am blinking here. Oh proofs proofs is the other thing
you
don't like proofs can be really difficult. Yeah.
I didn't like to young machine much either. Yeah.
Oh it's new.
I'm on it forming tune. That's okay.
I see.
um that was ultimately up to clubs as, as long as we do like social distancing the university just sort of like Stewart one thing and hope we like follow the guidelines and everything. But this semester I'm definitely a lot less involved in like the like the club's scene than I wasn't like previous years. Like for example last semester I would go to like yoga every Tuesday or thursday at a certain time for like a meditation kind of thing. It would be like a spoken
meditation like you would closed everyone close your eyes and then a person would like talk about stuff and
And then I also was part of like this robotics like mentorship program for like little elementary school kids
that were close
to the university. Yeah,
probably.
I'm not in any clubs actually. It honestly didn't occur to me because it feels like everything was just always packed together and there's always something more to do or something I could be doing and yeah,
no.
Yes, I'm at home
when it gets noisy. Yes.
And
lot of, oh I've one sibling actually, he's older than me and he's already graduated college.
My parents
well. Yeah.
cool. Oh no, no, no, it's like they'd be talking or more aggressively talking if you know what I mean.
Oh yeah. And then, especially because it's online, we have Proctor tests, so were recorded um bye cam an audio and yeah.
Who?
that's really cool. Like, like he sounds like more well rounded. That's good.
You know? So
what,
why
not?
that's very
dedicated,
Wow. At 15. That's
True. But I feel like most 15 year olds nowadays wouldn't be that productive, like not working on a skill, but more so like perhaps um on social media or like, you know, like uh Yeah,
All
yes, no, no,
I thought you guys are boring. I really doubt that.
well, well, well
that's good. Yeah.
I see.
That's
well,
well
round
Oh, you're right. We have been talking for about 36 minutes, but it's it's so nice talking. Yeah,
You
know, it's once oh
boy,
I'm
not
at
all.
guys, that's
good. I mean I feel like this world needs more weird
and like less like conformity and you know, basics kind of uh
hello,
thank you. Ah
mm hmm.
Oh,
what
is
it?
Oh, I see.
uh um I have a question. You said you teach monastery is
no
missy
Yeah, I think that's really altruistic of you to not like to take your name off of the substitute teacher list so that others can
and
I'll send
you
certain that
that's also a very good point.
our
world, we're thinking it's like very honest and real estate yeah
and symbols,
I
really, really hope so. I hope to do my best, but honestly I still don't have work experience and I'm a bit worried about that, but I'm trying not to stress about that because right now classes are like these oh, they should be.
Oh my goodness,
very
true.
Whoa,
I can believe that
then. Well then how do people get jobs?
Okay. I was about
No
see
demonstrate reliability and
that
it can.
Or
thank
you. Yes.
Brown.
I
heard retail was terrible though.
I
will
look forward to that awful and I will do my best at that awful. I'm afraid of those managers or co workers, well,
can't
be afraid of co workers because they're always co
workers.
The outdoors. Okay.
Well,
okay. So choose wisely but also choose anything.
And
Oh
I'm really sounded like when this tab closes like that will be it. But because of that I don't feel embarrassed at all saying like this is like a really, really riveting and like eye opening conversation and like I enjoyed it. Yeah
and I don't mind at all that like you talk
like as much as you thought. Yeah,
Uh huh
Oh that's interesting. Yeah.
I did.
like I like your crocodile skin bag. I'm definitely not thinking of the animal that came it came from. Yeah.
Oh I won't like you reconnect or like spend time with your friends more or like find a balance.
that's gonna be interesting.
Silver.
I mean
have a little Germany
well
and what?
Oh my goodness,
just fancy
and capacity cramp one into like oh
I
thought what
I do oh
thank me and it's,
I do unhelpfully unhealthy amounts I think or used to it's better now yeah
inga
Oh my gosh, she must simply does
very Gordon Ramsay absolutely and
everything
like how have you seen hell's kitchen?
it's
so fun
and
who?
Oh yeah, I feel you
yeah, I used to think the same
Yeah,
it's so funny and it's like, I don't know like I laugh at it because I'm like I really could do the same thing, I could under cook the scallops, I could not have a lamb sauce, I could undercooked
the chicken like
no,
welcome.
you guys can bond perhaps? Yeah.
Mhm
Thank
you.
Do you have a favorite pie to me?
Okay,
What?
just
by
Oh
um I believe I have before,
I mean
building
noted,
Thanks
Okay.
Have you been to house of pies? That sounds like right up your alley?
it's like a diner sort of, and then they have like all kinds of pies or like a lot of pies, not all kinds of pies, but Yeah.
the
God,
I mean, yes, it's really messy, but uh here's my scribble
chess
or chest like chest and I've
Okay, okay, chest by gotcha. Yeah.
No.
and
libraries?
well,
couldn't
nana?
I
want
more.
All right. I hope you take the most care and have the best life and
As an introvert, I'm kind of
I
love you.
Calling
reason.
That's
also
All
I'm Yeah.
You know, thank you so much for taking the time to talk more than me than like the 25 I
of course.
Any well not any time, but
Take
care.