Hi.
Okay. Doing well, how are you?
Can you hear me? Mhm.
Amanda
good
to meet you. Do.
I'm from pennsylvania in the United States. How about you?
Thank
you.
I did one other one, Yeah.
Where are you based?
Oh, cool. I was there two years ago the first time.
Mhm. Um We really only uh stayed in the casinos for a work thing. Uh But it was nice, it was nice that it was really not human at all. It's so human here. Yeah.
Um I'm not sure I heard you. Right, How is the pandemic in pennsylvania? Usa.
We originally started out with very low cases um and then once they let restaurants and things open again, everything kind of blew up and now it's not good, so um
we're
back
in.
My life.
Yeah, totally. Um
I did lose
your video just so you
know.
Yeah I worked from home before coronavirus so I'm luckily very much still employed and things are pretty normal for me. What about you?
I've been doing my job for two years remotely so
no I work for a company I just worked remotely.
that's
I did
before but not really know anymore. Yeah mostly just home. Yeah.
I
love
going on road trips. Yeah.
awesome. Where you going?
wow
that's awesome.
Absolutely. Yeah.
nice by camping
in
Mhm.
Gotta. Oh that's so funny.
That's really cool. So you go on your road trip and you camp out everywhere you go.
Gotta.
not dangerous adventures. Yeah.
Mhm.
originally from here I live in pennsylvania to still um but I lived in D. C. For a while um and went on all kinds of trips from there so um I just did my honeymoon uh last year and went to France which was lovely.
Oh awesome. Yeah it was there in March it was beautiful. Yeah so we went to paris and we went to um like as a uh south of France um near the coast, it was beautiful. Um And we also went to
Israel
earlier
this year.
Yeah unfortunately going around the coast in March, everything was pretty much closed so restaurants weren't open we we're kind of like secluded there. Um But it was fabulous.
same.
never been to italy I want to go. Mhm.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah
it's right there. Yeah. That's awesome. Yeah my friend studied abroad there and speaks italian so I'm gonna like
kind of commission her to be my tour guide there when we do go.
Yeah.
no
born in pennsylvania and then moved to D. C. Um So but there we were there about five years.
I
did
like it. Yeah it was very much a change because I was from like rural pennsylvania and so living in a city it was a little scary at first but um I grew to love it a lot, it's beautiful town. Um And then yeah we just decided that we wanted to be closer to family so they moved to pennsylvania. Yeah.
Mhm.
Mhm. Yeah. Absolutely. Um Well the good thing is most of them are free so all of them yeah
all
of the ones that are Smithsonian um are free to visit so yeah don't limit yourself such as well and like they're everywhere and they're all free um But the best
one
I'm trying to think of the name of it, the one my favorite but let me pull it
I forget.
Mm hmm yep. Uh.
Yeah the Hirsch one.
It's a church I. R. S. H. H. O. R. N. Hirschorn
and also the Randwick. Um Those are my two favorites.
Oh it's incredible there's just so many cultures represented there so there's so many options um
of different.
Um That's a great question. Not not that I can think of just because it is such a like a place where so many cultures meet. I can't think of something that's specific to their. Like not a lot of people are from D. C. Um So it's
I don't can't think of anything specific. What
about
pizza?
maybe.
Ben's chili bowl is a D. C. Staple.
Ben's chili bowl. Yeah.
now nope. What about Nevada? Is there something specific?
Yeah.
Yeah.
that's
Where
were you before you were in Nevada?
That's very cool. Yeah.
my
sister lives in California.
My
sister my
sister
looks there mm. Yeah.
in Los Angeles. Miracle Mile. Yeah.
agree it
was.
We
just
visited Key West earlier this year. It was awesome. I'm not really a beach
Mhm.
Hemingway.
Yeah,
we
do,
we got to see
all
the cats there uh in the Hemingway house is awesome. Uh huh. Did you know about that? They there's um holly dr cats that live on the property so um that are all like originated from this cat that Hemingway had um and they're just all over the place, they just walk around and like there were seven of them to sleep on. What was Hemingway's bed when we did the tour? It's really cool. Yeah.
At
the brink.
Yeah.
Yeah, that sounds like a conspiracy theory or something. That's crazy.
that's so cool,
I'm
totally
giggling it.
That's
so
that
sounds like a movie ready to happen, yeah.
Super cool.
Once ahead of it. Yeah.
I think I was just not used to it, but um I was on a very big horse and not a very flexible person so it was just very uncomfortable.
No,
no,
no, yeah, it was just like a trail ride. Really easy basic course, but yeah, big big
horse,
maybe that's it, yeah.
Yeah. And I have a younger sister here in pennsylvania too. What
about you?
Yeah pennsylvania, but my dad's actually about to move to Wisconsin with his girlfriend. Mhm.
no, it's fine,
Oh yeah, before this we went once a year, but I don't think we're gonna get to see this year.
Yeah,
we're
being very
cautious about everything.
I
know. Yeah, Absolutely. Um
I can't even imagine. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
It's absolutely terrifying and nothing seems to be getting better.
Sorry,
I
can't,
It's the
same. Yeah. Yeah, yep, anytime you're outside, you have to be wearing a mask.
I have to imagine, yeah, I haven't looked at the numbers, but I mean a lot of uh there's a lot of blue collar workers in my town, so um I have to imagine that they're not working right now. Yeah,
and
I guess.
Otherwise, yeah, what are you doing to like fill up your time? Mhm.
Yeah, that's incredible um that you're able to be creative, it's it's really stressful right now,
so
it's
a good outlet.
Yeah,
yep. So good to
meet you,
do
you know?
Four,
yep,
You too,
you too
bye.