how are you doing today?
Yeah. Is the sound of k can hear me. I just want to make sure we're doing well with the sound.
my name is Andrea people call me dear, what's your name?
Amanda. Nice to make tremendous,
So
where are you from?
well personally, nice. Never been there. I mean not yet, but I'm coming soon visit at some point. So um, we've done this kind of uh prolific. Um, you don't chat before when it's
like the
first time.
Got it. So like back in my stomach. Um
I'm in uh Nevada, Las Vegas.
nice. How did you like it?
I used to live in uh florida and I remember everything was, I mean it was so humid and the rain and the mosquitoes. Oh my God, here is like um very hard, but only like during the summertime and drive, so you don't get stuck with that much. I think everything was like beautiful and nice before corona before the pandemic. Like everywhere you need to know everybody's like kind of scared and of traveling. How is the the situation is pandemic in pennsylvania.
Like how are you guys doing all this coronavirus situation? Like we have a lot of places where I understand
you're saying
you
do
have a lot of places
Germany got up. They only have the casinos open like some casinos but as far as I know most of the restaurants are closed and uh some pops I think are closed. Some bars 10. It's not not really nice. Like some people uh wanted to come to visit us. They just were not having fun when you have to you have all your mask and you know can you come to the end? But otherwise what's the point? Kind of? Mhm.
So um
I
I
see like it's kind of pixelated. I don't know what's going on but still, I I mean at least I can hear you. Um are you are you working at the moment? They work? I mean I don't want this thing affected all of us.
You've been doing this for a long time after the pandemic. Yes,
you have like your own business like you're
Oh that's pretty cool. Do
you get to travel sometimes
you get
about road trips? Like I don't
live
in it
actually as a matter of fact I'm I'm planning to do a road trip next week and
well like one month ago, two months ago I've been to Montana Wyoming Yellowstone. Uh you to and this time I was thinking like maybe I should just go to Grand Canyon would be my second time, right?
Uh
Yeah, I just feel like I need to, I need an escape, you know everything is like so stressing um
I know thanks very. And I left camping and more
who
are Yeah and
I have a little dog. He's not really, he prefers hotels and motels and stuff like that dog and you know french is our that they don't really like to travel.
Never.
Uh Usually I learned my lesson so usually I just go someone and I I look for a campground or something but what happens is when it's you end up driving by night and it's terrible. So now I'm trying to book everything online in advance
like having that kind of situation like last time um we are like in the mountains and it was like um midnight, you know it's crazy in uh in Montana. So cold, I cannot see anything and we couldn't find any camera and I was like I will never do this again. I don't wanna let adventures, but not really that.
yeah,
so where did you, where have you been in? And we're going in the States, Like what kind of places lets things where I don't it?
how beautiful difference to last year, I was in paris like last year in in numbers.
You
know,
I really
enjoy the food, the wine, but,
but in a way that's nice because you enjoy your, your privacy, like you, I don't like crowds so much.
I don't like to see a lot of people like you really like to go to places where there's not a lot of people, but unfortunately in europe, sometimes we have uh Italy, for instance, in Rome, there's so many tourists and you know, you're trying to get a photos, everybody's around my dad. Yeah. You ever been to Italy?
you should do. Uh definitely.
Uh uh
Yes, of course wine is great and yeah, exactly that they have. Um so sometimes working under the copy room or like all these right historical
places, you can just open your windows and see it. Right.
No,
that's awesome. Um
so you tell me that you used to live in D. C. Right. Well you burn there like
anything.
Did you like
it
there?
Uh There's no place in us that I've never been to. I mean I have a
free place that I've never been to, but I would like to go out and I was planning to go to the sickness here, but I don't think it's going to happen. Um what would you recommend me if I end up there? Why did you recommend me to like visit? Like I usually like this museum the same uh gallons and stuff. I know they have a lot there but like where should I go to your recommendations? Because you're living there?
Oh that's
good to know.
And
then
2nd
Museum is a museum.
You can take the time. I really, I'm actually having to take notes so I don't know about any places.
How is it? Cool.
A student. Funny.
Nothing. Um It is appropriate like how is it
they
have their own specific dish like something that is traditional to that region. I know that you can only find there or.
Well
yeah I was just thinking
because Chicago, they say oh the pizza
pizza, Chicago style pizza. So it's like something that belongs to that place is safe. You can only find that they're kind of so let's
think about this
gentle.
That's yes. Is it spicy?
Oh well I've been in Nevada like what about three years now? Uh, we have chinatown probably as you know, uh that's if you're interested in the asian cuisine, they have, you know, balad definition. You can find all these like italian food. Mexican food. It's a mix like occlusion of things that's not really
specific to Nevada. Las Vegas. I mean I cannot think of any, but um, sure, basically what you want. You can want korean sure to go to a korean risk. Find it. Oh, he did because he was not a really good days. And yeah, I would think this at some point in a tibetan food. I was in new york for a national because that's my job I wrote and the coronavirus, I'm not walking in at the moment. Um, we have not shown no what? And right. Yeah. What happened is going funny because we think it's for the crab. I think like one even like the handle me. Huh? Well it turns out like the like cheaper than a cab. Also didn't. Yeah, we pay less for the and we paid for the couple 100 bucks because it's near right. So
it's like what it was like it was a good man. I noticed it was very interesting because like chinese combined with and I mean probably it's not really like they have a king Tibet because it's us right suffered business stuff. But I recognize the chinese part of it. But the other the, I don't know the flavors and the customers that aren't you better. I couldn't recognize them. But they were like, it was based and
I think it's a spice movie. Yeah. And that is so interesting. Is an
experience.
So I am at first I came from europe like five years ago, six years ago. So I first came through because Vegas and I'm off to spray down because of my job and now I'm back to Vegas. Yeah.
like it. Although I think my favorite place to live but I don't like the fact because I hate that it's California. I don't
know
you used to live in
Cali.
This
is good.
Callie like where?
But they have like a beautiful nature and mountains. Uh it's not just delay. It's like san Francisco san Diego. And you know you can go ahead and scream and uh it's not as warm and see in florida. But I always used to say the conflict is very warm, right? Can stream. However usually is very important because everything is flat now in Cali surely like it's cool red. But you see all those formations, all those rocks, all those, everything is like beauty and flowers and stuff. And I'm like, well I prefer that kind of thing. The other thing because if you don't want to just women throughout the surrounded by sea with the flat and boring great. But
it's
also worrying except for us us understand it's a little bit different
but still
saying
like a transparent, did you go to visit the um,
the house? How is it called? The, is this writer, very famous
writer? Heavy way. Yes.
And I know
you
look and visit
the
house.
No, but I had no idea about that because I mean, I don't know appreciate. It was very nice experience. I just found that another interesting thing about Grand Canyon that um, people don't talk about it much. There was a Egyptian civilization before and they found like Egyptian writings and artifacts and stuff like that and I had no idea. And they even talk
about
yeah gold and some treasurys hidden in like a new
civilization that's like underground like where it somehow and all these kids that they have and you cannot even reach them because the government understands they knew this and actually there's a lot of information is hidden. They don't want, we don't want people to know about all this stuff. I just want to know that's great. Here's like Egyptian civilization in the right hand you know.
Yeah but I know you know they took photos, there are photos like you can see they're not fake photos you know um of different things that they found their like I mean okay it's great. But what's with those writings and all those um things that they found that those cannot be fake. I am
yeah, google and you're probably gonna find a lot of information,
but
I understand.
No, it's OK breast the commission and and then not to publicize all this stuff. So however, some information like, yeah, I don't, they found out about it, but so uh yeah,
so
I was like, I'm like, that's, that's like a real adventure. Like I would go there studying, right? But indiana
jones.
Yeah, I think about indiana jones, right? And yeah, just have cool. Um you
try because you're pennsylvania. You guys have forces there, right? Uh you ever tried horseback riding?
boy. I mean he's got a call,
well the report behaving right. It wasn't like a wild horse. I
hope
like,
maybe
because it was the first time you got scared and you know, the first time you kind of, I feel like square by divorce and until you get used to it, it takes a while. But
Uh, it's wonderful like to, to the horseback riding when I was asked. I mean, uh, minimum valley, uh, they have these forces, you can, I don't know, you pay like $150 or something for two hours and they take you in the plan is that you can, you can write for like two hours and see all the surroundings, which is like in the old west, you know, uh, they show me uh, tree where they need to film john wayne movies. It's also when we was something. So yeah, I just got to experience, I love that. But it was a little bit different in the wilderness because my, that, oh that's, yeah. So you have sisters brothers. You may actually have a sister in California. Right?
Think
about your parents are in uh pennsylvania. Our in Cali.
you hear that? Yeah. Um
yeah, sure. Mine's gone. You need to visit your sister as some pretty often and counting.
I understand that they opened. Um, I looked at some state parks and national France in California and some of them are open like uh cinema, enough of addicts. I they opened the restaurants and I don't know, go and visit it perfectly fighting. Um, but it's still kind of scary. Does right?
I
just
thought,
yeah, unfortunately, uh, doesn't look too good. Uh, the other day I was reading an article from some of the some running on internet. I don't know these analysts, they were saying that um, this corona writers made it last for like a yes and yeah, because they're giving like predictions and they have um scenarios like the first scenario is like it's going to end by the end of the year. Second scenarios like the words because uh, expect like a second way that they did like in the fall and that means everything is gonna go in lockdown again and we're gonna put another one year. And the third tradition was that, uh, it's gonna last till 2021, uh, it can find the virus, you know, the optical virus, but it's going to take a longer time to recover. So always, that's the second one that basically like not having a certain ways that
can
the economy.
Yeah. I mean, the only economy is going to collapse. It's already bad, you know, and here in Vegas relying on the tourism and I don't know, I hope I'm positive. I'm kind of praying and hoping that when you look around yourself, you just, you know what I mean? Or nice that tradition yeah,
as long as that we're just going to, everything is going yeah
right
boom yeah happens with it, they're all these things in the store or whatever, you know
we have
to
do what in a pennsylvania, do you follow all these guidelines that you got or the mask, you got to use the sanitizer in the store where when you're out of the store because you're in Vegas uh the governor basically kind of forced us the benchmark to do all these things so I know you have to do it, you cannot join a story so I just think is
unprecedented.
Mhm And are people unemployed? You believe in pennsylvania? I don't
right on it's a good thing
that
they came up with this unemployment you know uh help from from the government because it's appreciated, it's not like a lot but this kind of heart times, you know. Everything is.
huh I'm trying to study a bit online like uh making because it is I was looking at schools and I hear the loans are very low but I'm still not decided because of all the situation. Like all the loans are like very long and I do photography and I'm not like an expert but I'm trying to get there and uh yeah, I think I have some things that I was working acting as well. So I have something that I would like to say like, you know national but everybody like focus on won't buy food money and yeah, taking road trips here and there and you know, some ideas. So I get to live in the fall like leading. I tried to read. I also write some poetry but it's kind of depressing that I feel like stuck like I said even want to uh,
and
then
coming
and it's not that easy when stuff like this happens. Yeah.
Um, I just noticed, I think our time is up
trump
was
very
meeting you and I wish you all the best And uh, what time it is right now in Pennsylvania. It's like here is like 1:30 p. m.
I know. I've read the same. Oh, for scorpion. Right. Okay.
You have a great day. Me. And uh,
it was very nice.
Take