SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mhm. Oh, mm. Uh huh. Oh, correct. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm hmm. Mhm. Honey. Oh, okay. Yeah. Country. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, mm hmm. I can't, yeah, that is more quickly. Yeah. Yeah. Mm hmm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Oh yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Mm hmm. Uh huh. What? What? Oh yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Hello?
SPEAKER_R: I can.
SPEAKER_L: I can, I can hear you really well. Can you hear me? All right?
SPEAKER_R: Yes, I can.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Good. Do you want to take a moment to get your yeah, camera makes it up or anything or do
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: you think you're?
SPEAKER_R: pretty good. How about you?
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, I think so. I was here a couple minutes earlier and it took a minute to get everything dialed in. So
SPEAKER_R: So high,
SPEAKER_L: Hi. Hey. Um So I have a pet bird then she's in the room with me. So if you hear something that sounds like somebody laughing maniacally in the background. That's my bird.
SPEAKER_R: No problem. I have a dog and two cats that will probably jump behind me and some Oh,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Uh huh. So what's your name?
SPEAKER_R: my name is marisa. What's your
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: name?
SPEAKER_L: meet you. My name is dan.
SPEAKER_R: Nice to meet you dan. And how long have you been doing prolific?
SPEAKER_L: Oh man. Um I think I started maybe two years ago, three years ago or something like that. I've been doing it on and off, I haven't been doing it consistently that whole time. Um but I've got so much time on my hands now and there's not a lot of money, but it helps the people in a little bit of some change down and makes me feel a little less bored, a little less useless. I don't have work from home right now so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I just started doing it because I am working from home and uh, so it's just a perfect way to make a little side and come when I have some time and I used to commute like an hour to work every day so I can just spend that doing prolific and make some extra money now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, absolutely. Actually I got started with prolific when I was doing a tutoring job at our local community college and the way that the tutoring center work was, students can drop in any time. You can actually help with writing or math or science or whatever. And you know as you can imagine late in the semester when people had big projects or whatever, we were pretty much always busy but for the first several weeks in the semester people didn't have assignments yet. And a lot of times the tutors would just be sitting there waiting for somebody and we were paid to be ready and on call but nobody would actually come. So I was actually able to use my laptop during those quiet times and do prolific and double dip and everybody was fine with it and I was like okay okay.
SPEAKER_R: That's great. I wish I had known about it sooner because I would I would have been doing this.
SPEAKER_L: great. Hey, it's hard to find legitimate online gig work that doesn't, you know, come with scummy, Uber or similar, you know where you're going to run your car into the ground or whatever or where you're not like secretly paying some horrific price for it, you know? Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So are we supposed to be falling a prompt or we're just talking off the cuff.
SPEAKER_L: You know it, from what I read, it made it sound like we might get prompt at some point, like maybe they'll come up on the screen or something,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's what I thought I read too, but
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: I think,
SPEAKER_L: I guess another
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: place
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: we're
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: supposed
SPEAKER_R: ok
SPEAKER_L: to win.
SPEAKER_R: to just have a conversation anyway, but I just want to make sure we're doing it correctly.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, No, I think we're good. Like sometimes from the studies that I've done in the past, um they could be doing any number of things, they could be doing a study about body language and the actual words were saying don't matter much to the research, it's really more about the type of body language that we're using one another. It could be about whether or not we eventually talk about the coronavirus, it could be about a number of different things and it's kind of like not worth it to play mind games to try him. Second. That's been my experience. Anyway,
SPEAKER_R: So are you in the United States?
SPEAKER_L: I am, I'm in Connecticut.
SPEAKER_R: Nice. I'm in California, which
SPEAKER_L: we're in California, I have family there.
SPEAKER_R: I'm in northern California and not too far from san Francisco.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, gotcha. My family is a little further south closer to san Diego.
SPEAKER_R: Oh gotcha. Yeah, it's a really nice area out that way. We're the colder weather over here.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Uh huh. Oh yeah, your space looks pretty snazzy.
SPEAKER_R: Well thank you.
SPEAKER_L: Do you do you own your place is an apartment.
SPEAKER_R: Um I rent it but I actually will probably inherit this house one day. I run it from family so
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I mean
SPEAKER_R: I'm kind of lucky.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Cool. Did they give you a good deal
SPEAKER_R: Yes they do. That's
SPEAKER_L: business?
SPEAKER_R: the only way I can afford to live close to san Francisco,
SPEAKER_L: Sure. Yeah. Yeah, like san Francisco is why we have craig's list. It's
SPEAKER_R: How about you,
SPEAKER_L: getting
SPEAKER_R: do you write or? Um
SPEAKER_L: I rent my rent, I've been living in this space for probably about 12 years now, I managed to find just really nice landlords, this is the only property they own, it used to be where they lived um they charge way below market value and they don't feel like greasy, slimy landlords, they're just like an old italian family, they share their baking with me sometimes, so
SPEAKER_R: Well that's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it feels good to live in a place where I like the house itself and where I also get along well with people that are renting from and I can afford it just like a lot of things come together to make it a hot for me, so
SPEAKER_R: not yet,
SPEAKER_L: no intention to leave, I don't ask you,
SPEAKER_R: that's good, that's always a situation that you want to get in. Especially like here in California, it's hard to sign a good landlord because there's just such demand to live here, even if you have
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: a nice one in the beginning, you know the desire to make more money always creeps up at some point than
SPEAKER_L: yeah, yeah, I'm just mute my phone, sorry, I've got a couple of new education is going off that I don't want to bother me. Yeah, you know I have a friend who lived up in Portland Oregon for a while and he was saying very much the same thing that even if you find a good place after one year when it comes time to sign your release again, the landlord wants to check the rent so much that you essentially get forced out and it doesn't matter where you go like that's what's happening everywhere because the the price of housing is just going up in all the neighborhoods of the city.
SPEAKER_R: yep. And I know there was a big migration of people from California to Oregon and so I think like the price of Portland probably skyrocketed to close to California
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: prices in the last like 10 years. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, that's, wow, okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: trendy to live out here.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well do you at least get to have fun with it?
SPEAKER_R: I do, I do that. I mean that's why I commute so far to work because I just love being here. I don't because I don't I'm not really like a a city person, I went to college in san Francisco but I quickly learn like I didn't actually ever want to live there because it's so overwhelming. But the nice thing about northern California versus southern California is we don't have all the traffic, like we have some traffic like don't get me wrong, but you drive an hour out here and you're in a totally like different area and like so much open space. And if you like hiking, this is a great place to be um clean air, you're by the water. So there's a lot of perks uh being here and I'm close enough to san Francisco where I can go visit whenever I want. You know that happened to live there. I'm
SPEAKER_L: That's so funny.
SPEAKER_R: big on going to concerts, although I don't know when that's going to happen. All right.
SPEAKER_L: I know, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: our governor is like really strict or I mean I all the other states are going to open in California is gonna be dragging way. So I don't know when those will come back, but that was like my favorite activity. So I'm like in a really, I feel thought to go to like all the concerts in northern California. Sure off.
SPEAKER_L: who are some of your favorite musicians?
SPEAKER_R: Uh I'm like an undercover metal head. So yeah, I like a like slayer system of a down. Um I liked some new battle nu metal bands to like slipknot or disturbed stuff like that. Um Now I'm like blanking. Um Let me, who was I let me think who I was gonna see this year. I was gonna see death tones and Gojira over the summer, but that was cancelled. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I wonder if they somehow matched us together based on metal that's totally music.
SPEAKER_R: don't you? I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: that's unbelievable. Yeah, man, some of the deftones show us they've been putting on a day to day lives deftones and stuff like that, like they've really been getting some interesting bills together recently. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so deftones are actually from Sacramento which is like just a few hours from san Francisco. So I think they boycotted this area for a really long time. I want to say someone like spit in the lead singer space or something
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: like that. Maybe that
SPEAKER_L: go out.
SPEAKER_R: band, but something happened where like the deftones salt really insulted even though this is like their home town. I think it's only in like the last like five years or so that they've been like torn here. And when we have uh a pretty big festival in Sacramento every year called Aftershock. They're saying it's still going to happen this year. I don't know Metallica supposed to headline two nights and I've never
SPEAKER_L: One.
SPEAKER_R: seen Metallica, so I so stoked um I really hope that it happens. Um but deftones will play that festival a lot. They'll usually headline because that is literally their hometown sacramento. So we love them here, like we're please coming back.
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's fantastic. Oh before I forget, have you heard of a band called Low from
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: England? Low of
SPEAKER_R: no, I have not already thought down though.
SPEAKER_L: serious death tone vibes from them? There there are five piece I think from England and in february they dropped an album um album's kind of long name, it's um I let it in and it took everything is the name of the album and there are there are spots on it that are like so close to death tones that it feels it came a little close on my rip off radar. Yeah. But um but it just barely didn't
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: cross the line because
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: I could see that they were doing their own thing with it and I think they're self conscious of the fact, I think they're trying to sort of pay homage to deftones without, because
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: the whole album is very diverse. I think if you, if you check it out, you'll see what I mean. There are parts where you're gonna go like, oh yeah, this is totally like um if you think of some of the very heavy but spacey, atmospheric, slow parts of deftones songs. Trying to think of a good example, like maybe like Minerva to off of the self titled album, the one with the Skull and the Roses on it, um just like super chill but heavy and spacey and like airy, floaty. Um There are some passages like that on the lowest album that reminded me of them, but like, they they rip it up, they're really cool.
SPEAKER_R: stop.
SPEAKER_L: I think you would, you bet you're going to try them. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's so cool. I'm glad we're having this conversation because there's nothing else to really do right now,
SPEAKER_L: I know,
SPEAKER_R: Listen to.
SPEAKER_L: you know. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: So do you go to a lot of concerts where you are? Do they have them out there?
SPEAKER_L: Well, so Connecticut's weird Connecticut is right in between new york and boston. And so in a lot of ways we kind of get passed over because bigger acts will put on a show in each of those big cities, but they don't want to over saturate the market up here, so not a lot of major acts make pit stops in Connecticut. Um and right, there's also like I there's another thing going on where I wonder sometimes if either people in the promotion industry or shady businessman or something like that have actively fought to keep big acts from coming to Connecticut so that they wouldn't water down the market or water down the attendance at the boston in new york shows, just get nervous. There are, there are a couple of venues over the decades that I've heard kind of started to bubble up and start getting some of those bigger act and something mysterious always seems to happen. There seems to be a fire or there seems to be a sudden change in management or something like that where all of a sudden that then you kind of loses the momentum. It seemed to be gaming.
SPEAKER_R: how
SPEAKER_L: And it's like this,
SPEAKER_R: is he?
SPEAKER_L: like this mysterious pattern. Um, part of the reason I saw that was, I don't do it anymore, but for seven years I wrote the local music column for the alternative weekly newspaper here. So it was, it was pretty neat. It was an interesting gig. So I used to go to two concerts every week.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh, that's like my dream job.
SPEAKER_L: Mm It, I'll tell you it's, it's a double edged sword because I started doing it because I was going to concerts all the time and I was like, somebody will pay me to write what I probably was going to email my friends about or like write in my journal, like hell yeah, I'll do that. Um, but when you take something that you love and you turn it into your job, it sucks a little of a magic out of it, you know? Um
SPEAKER_R: it's hard.
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: A lot of concerts like a week because I feel like in the last couple years because there were so many farewell shows, I really was just going to like everyone that was coming through a
SPEAKER_L: he.
SPEAKER_R: lot. We get everyone here. There's some weeks. I was going to two or three like major concerts, like traveling over an hour to get there and I was just like for so I could see, I could see like literally having to go and then like doing work, you know, I get tiring because yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You get burned out being like by yourself in the car, coming home at like two a.m. You get burned out like waiting for the 45 minute or hour between sets, you know? Like, and especially if you're trying to review bands that are new to you. Then over and over, you end up in a venue or a basement or a scene where you don't know anybody. And um I'm I'm friendly but I don't have the easiest time like making small talk or breaking into a conversation or just like making a random new friend and like eventually it just gets really boring to sit there like you're sipping your beer as slowly as you can, going, okay, come on, next band, come on. Um and this was when I was doing it to, it was before smartphones, so I didn't really have anything substantial to occupy my time in that downtime. Um and you kind of can't bring a book with you and into the bars or into the basement of the punk house. So yeah,
SPEAKER_R: one
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: time
SPEAKER_L: things
SPEAKER_R: I was seeing slower um and I was taking my final, it was the week I take my final exam for my Master's degree and everyone else like thought because I haven't traveled to the school because I did an online program, but I had to go in person to take the final. So it was like an hour and a half, like backtrack like maybe it was only an hour back to san Francisco to like see slayer, but it was like my finals week. So everyone else is like freaking the fuck out. Like how can you go to a concert? Like your master's degree? Like rides on this exam. I was like, I got it, it's slayer. Like I'm not making them actually brought my notes with me and I was studying in between set mhm
SPEAKER_L: yeah. That
SPEAKER_R: can
SPEAKER_L: somebody seen.
SPEAKER_R: be done and I've done it and I like telling the story because I was one of the only people that not only passed, like all those people that stayed behind the study failed and didn't get their degrees, I passed with honest. It was so funny because the gardener at the school, it comes up to me and my shirt the next day and he's like, he likes layers, like yeah, he's like, I'm like one of jerry Holtz good friends, like I I threw his wedding and stuff and like yeah, so mhm
SPEAKER_L: why? That's dedication?
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh uh huh But I couldn't imagine not having a smartphone though like because I'm I'm not really, I can't come off as outgoing, but I have to be like introduced to people or afternoon someone, so I couldn't imagine going to like a punk house. We've got lots of them out here like in Oakland um and like having to like sit around, I would be so uncomfortable. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It could be challenging. It can be challenging at times. Um Another weird thing was, you know, I was going to all these concerts and I was writing these columns and then I would, you know, so I go out during the week and on the weekend, and then on monday is when I would file my column, so the paper would come out on Wednesday. And so, like, Wednesday leading up to the weekend, all these people were reading about the concert that had already happened. And so, like, I could maybe write about, like, the IT band or a band that had just released an album and try and drive people to like, their next gig, or say, at the end of the column, you know, this coming weekend, they're playing at this place or whatever, but, like, it kind of felt like I was not helping connect interested people to interesting bands, you know? So, like, in the final couple years of my column, I finally convinced my editor instead of reviewing the live shows, to, like, let me interview the bands, like, let's do let's front loaded, and I'll talk to the band about their new album in advance of the show, so that when the paper drops on Wednesday, people can go and see the show on friday night feeling like, you know, a little more about the band and feeling like they picked out like, okay, this band plays a kind of music that I like and I went online, I listened to a couple extremely couple songs I'm into it. It's worth the 10 bucks, you know, let's go for it.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. So that that felt good that I finally sort of I had to push him a lot to change the column that way. Uh huh But that was a that was a cool change and it meant that I didn't have to go out as much anymore. Go ahead. But it was writing for a newspaper and all the newspapers started to fold. This was I finished writing for them, I want to see maybe in like 2012, something like that. And just all the little newspapers were starting to plummet because there isn't really any advertising money to cover local based coverage anymore, you know? So yeah, I kind of saw the writing on the wall when they started going like, okay, we want you to write a bigger column for the same day and we want you to start writing like three blog posts a week and getting photos for the blog for the same pay. And I was like, oh boy, I'm getting a bad feeling about where your finances are going based on these questions. So ended up splitting off. But yeah, it was a, it was a weird and wild gig. It was pretty interesting.
SPEAKER_R: well I'm sure it was interesting for a while. At least you like had that experience while there's still more newspapers because yeah, everything's a blog now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah, and writing doesn't, doesn't pay anymore. Like the, I mean, not that it was, it was never enough for me to really fully stay afloat. It was enough for me to barely pay my expenses and I had to have my partner at the time helped chip in the last little bit for groceries or for this bill or for that pill every month and we made it work between the two of us, but I was never financially Solomon, they paid me as a contractor, they didn't withhold any taxes or any benefits or anything, so like every april when tax day came around I had to pay all the taxes on, on whatever they cut me. Um yeah, it wasn't like a regular wage job where they would hold part of your earnings and they chip in part of your taxes, like you have a pit bull, like basically one third of everything you are, so tax day always for um so yeah, um anyway, I'm curious what, so you were saying you went to school before but I didn't catch what your masters was,
SPEAKER_R: Oh my Masters is in public health.
SPEAKER_L: you know,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so, um I
SPEAKER_L: interesting news for you now. Mhm,
SPEAKER_R: want to be like a health educator that hasn't happened. I actually have, I have a pretty interesting start how I got into all this because I, I wanted to be a radio DJ when I was younger, that was job I wanted to be, because we surprisingly have pretty shitty radio stations in northern California. Like, it's really hard, like, uh like in in sacramento, like where the capital is, like, there's some decent, like rock stations that play metal and stuff, but like in san Francisco, like, it really is not that great. It's all like indie or like electronic music and stuff like that. So if you're like a rocker metal head, like there's not much for you. So I wanted to do that, but then I realized there was no money in that. Like, I was not going to stay afloat in this area, like, you mean it? And job when I was in college was working at a cannabis club surprisingly, and uh I didn't use a product myself, but I kind of just got thrown into this whole world of alternative medicine where I was like, um and who knows who's paying for this research study. And I realized, you know, big pharma is doing some pretty like
SPEAKER_L: Focus
SPEAKER_R: baby stuff. And I wanted
SPEAKER_L: honey.
SPEAKER_R: to like connect
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: people back with like medicine and um what's labeled alternative, which I think is just ancient wisdom knowledge, you've, you know, made to be sound like it's crazy if you uh use it because we're relying on Medicaid, not that there isn't like a place or medication, but I think there are other options available to. So I really wanted to like bring that education um, to other people because when I was working in that industry, I kind of became an expert on CVD before it blew up, I, I left the industry like right before it blew up so I could have made a lot of money if I, if I had stuck with it. But my boss was a little shady, he went off deep end and I couldn't be involved anymore. And so I got my masters degree so I could be a health educator, but it's really hard to get in that field. And then like for me, it's hard to find something that I am feel good about because I couldn't, I couldn't just go like work at a hospital and teach the correct they have because I might not fully agree. So I actually work for the Department of Public Health right now. And so it is pretty interesting with the coronavirus. Um, I'm kind of just on standby waiting to see what my job is going to be because there's just so much stuff going on that I could just be sent anywhere. I don't know what my role is going to be right now, so
SPEAKER_L: Do you sort of have any idea of what it might transform into the like and when you say sent anywhere like could they really like send you far a field international or?
SPEAKER_R: well they can't send me international. So I've been in government for a while now. And so when there is a emergency of any kind and I don't, I don't know if you heard about the northern California fires that we've had in the last few years. So those have um, those are in my area. And so like back in 2017 I had to respond to a fire. So I was just like an office worker and I get thrown into, I have to commute two hours away, all the sentence work night shift with the National Guard because we had to make a makeshift hospital at Fairgrounds. And so I somehow became the check in person technically doing security with the National Guard. Um So they can make your g they can have you do anything like you really don't want. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I think because of the the nature of what's going on right now, my role will probably be worked at home, which is really great because I wanting a work at home job
SPEAKER_L: Thanks
SPEAKER_R: and I just quit my job to get it. So I feel a little like guilty sometimes because I'm like, oh I actually really wanted a scenario like this, like not because of these circumstances, but I was hoping for something
SPEAKER_L: then on.
SPEAKER_R: this I think what I'll probably end up doing is like uh monitoring people that have contracted the virus or something like yeah probably be my role for a people of time. But I'm on standby waiting to get a new assignment. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, wow, that's while
SPEAKER_R: I used to just um so here in California, like if you, let's say you go to the hospital and you have a complaint, you would call my department and our nurses would go investigate your complaint and see if they're following the laws and things like that. So I just process the paperwork for that kind of stuff. So so yeah, so obviously all that's going to be put on cause that's the least of anyone's concerns right now. No. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'm really happy that I mean this is kind of changed the world in so many ways, but I think one of the good things that might come out of this is that like now so many people have like tasted the forbidden fruit of working from home and like all the managers who are like, I don't know, I'm skeptical like they have to overcome that and like that argument is done like
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: what's interesting
SPEAKER_L: infrastructure is in place.
SPEAKER_R: is there realizing how cost effective it is too, because
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: the state of California was actually about to buy a building which you can imagine how expensive that would be in California. We're going to buy a building so they can accommodate all the employees. And now they're like, we could save that money and put it into the coronavirus and everyone can work from home if they want to and wait and like way happier like staff now.
SPEAKER_L: you know? Yeah, yeah, so now, like so many people, you know, whenever we do eventually go back to normal, whatever normal looks like at that point like so many people are going to be like, well let's make it work from home, like I want to, I want to keep doing this and they're gonna be like, no, you can come back five days a week, they're gonna be like, I think it's worth it to me to put my foot down and say like I'm going to work from home three days a week if you want to keep me, you know, and like a lot of bosses are going to have to make those tough decisions, but I feel like there's no there's no going back now. Like we've seen we can do it, we've seen that people actually show up for it and do a decent job, They're much happier, like it doesn't take a huge amount of it investment and so much of the network infrastructure and the software and stuff is gonna be there set up already that to not use it would almost be wasteful, you know, like you can save on the real estate in the office space like yeah, do it.
SPEAKER_R: Many cars off the road. I mean lot
SPEAKER_L: many
SPEAKER_R: of,
SPEAKER_L: good things.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I mean I still have to go into the office like um, like two days a week right now, but it's not so bad anymore because it's like my hour commute is like a 45 minute commute now.
SPEAKER_L: sir.
SPEAKER_R: It's really not that bad. And I, I actually like look more forward to going into the office now because I am working from home so much at the time and we can't really do anything on our days off right now. I mean you can go for a walk or whatever, but you can't do that much. So it's like, it's nice to go in the office and like see whoever is in that day and yeah, way better quality of life.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's rad. Fight for it. Fight for it when when normal comes back it
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: sounds
SPEAKER_R: about
SPEAKER_L: like it's
SPEAKER_R: you?
SPEAKER_L: working really well for you,
SPEAKER_R: What do you do?
SPEAKER_L: so I'm so I'm not working right now. Um I was going to start work around the end of March with the census.
SPEAKER_R: I'm Oh
SPEAKER_L: I have been part of the previous phase of the census where we were gathering up sort of everybody's addresses, so we know where to mail the forms to and New England in general was really on top of their address canvassing and pretty much finished the work in New England about a month ahead of schedule.
SPEAKER_R: whoa
SPEAKER_L: And so I had been counting on the census to provide me work for the whole period that they contracted me and it ran out this month early and I was like, oh shit! And I kind of poked and prodded my bosses, I was like, there's no work anywhere. And he was like, well actually there might be something, I'm hearing some rumblings from upstairs, like, let me check into it and it took a little bit of doing. But we learned that other places in The US, especially in the far south were very far behind on their canvassing especially because you have to travel so far between each house that it just makes the whole process slowdown to a crawl. So they ended up taking workers like me from up here in New England and flying us down to places like Louisiana texas and they sent me to Oklahoma and put me up in a hotel. Um I would never have any reason to go to Oklahoma. It's a part of America that like I've never seen before and like didn't really have any personal connection to but I was like hell yeah I want to see a different part of the U. S. And they put me up and they fed me. It took them a long long time because government but they eventually reimbursed me for my food and from a rental power and stuff like that. And yeah I stayed down there for almost a month
SPEAKER_R: Where
SPEAKER_L: going around
SPEAKER_R: our?
SPEAKER_L: seeing all this beautiful farmland and prairie land and actually some not so beautiful tiny like rural cities that were just like kind of frozen in time somewhere back in the seventies or eighties you know and just had you can just sense that like the people there have no life.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my All right. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: But yeah so I got to see this very different part of America from New England. And so I was like okay cool this is like the senses need and there was decent money to let me rack up tons of overtime like pretty much as much as I wanted to work they would pay me for. So so I signed up to come back for the next days and that was supposed to start at the end of March. And my training was natural for the very same week where all of the state governments started going, oh, I think we need to lock things down, you know? Um So all of that is postpones until who knows when at this point. So I'm still hired technically, I'll still have the job whenever things are safe again. But uh huh. Until then I've just sort of been at home doing prolific and collecting unemployment and trying to make it as long as I can between runs to the grocery store, you know, like go out as little as possible. So yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: crazy.
SPEAKER_L: is two. Yeah, appear in Connecticut. It's it's kind of rough because our proximity to new york state made us like we were very early in reacting to like close down schools and try and get ahead of things. Like we were among the first states who started taking like stay at home protections and stuff like that. Um, but despite that we're so close to the epicenter in new york city and once people in new york city found out how bad it was and started to get a picture of how bad it was going to get. A lot of people fled the city and they came to Rhode island Connecticut massachusetts northern new york anywhere that they have family or you know, somebody that they can stay with, He got out of new york city itself. And so we had a lot of confirmed cases coming up in sort of the southern part of Connecticut that we're probably connected to the outbreak in new york city.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_L: So, so
SPEAKER_R: Good. Really? A
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: lot of people that like commute into new york for work, right?
SPEAKER_L: we do, it's not so much where I'm in central Connecticut, so um, it's Connecticut's very odd culturally because you know, we're like we're that rectangle with a little hanging down, he bit down in the corner that points towards New york city that hang down a bit is like culturally basically part of new york city. Um if you work in new york city and you're wealthy, chances are you actually live in Connecticut and you drive in or take the train in to new york city for work, but you want your kids to go to the wealthy Connecticut school system and like have your flashy house down there or whatever. So like that part of Connecticut is like so culturally different from the rest of Connecticut. It's like not, it's like essentially a different state in a lot of ways um where I am is pretty disconnected from New york city. Most people who live around here work in like uh the insurance industry is a really big industry based out of Hartford you know? Um And it's really easy if you're like a young kid who just graduated and got a bachelor's or a master's in business or something like that, you can definitely get hired as an entry level analyst with one of the major insurance companies here. So there's a lot of that. Um and there's you know there's like some major shipping, there's a lot of headaches, a lot of ups oh my God I just got up, I'll show her to you if you come down in the night, she's up on the ceiling fan just out of camera. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: yeah,
SPEAKER_L: so it's not it's not super connected to New york city right where I am but there is a giant trunk in Connecticut that is very intertwined with life in new york. So. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, they thought that san Francisco was going to be like new york, but we actually, I think we're also an early adopter out here, A lot of the county's adopted their own ordinances before the governor made any declarations and people have done a really good job of following the rules. I can't southern California because I've been pretty wrapped up in what's going on here, but I don't think California as a whole has had, you know, anything close to what happened in new york. But they totally thought that they did like we were I'm like I said I work for the public health department, we were prepared for the worst. Like we were
SPEAKER_L: mom.
SPEAKER_R: all standby. So I'm so grateful that people have followed up cautions.
SPEAKER_L: Get up. Yeah it works, it works if you do actually remember that weren't there, weren't there a group of like a handful of people who were some of the first Oh yeah this is jennifer.
SPEAKER_R: jennifer.
SPEAKER_L: Oh see how I do. She's
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: a ring next of mhm. Yeah. So she has the same kind of bird as like you know the white piece stuff, Same type of bird, different color. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. See me.
SPEAKER_L: she's very sweet anyway um weren't you weren't there some confirmed cases that were among the first to actually enter the United States that like disembarked
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: in California
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: or something?
SPEAKER_R: we I think it wasn't sacramento. We had people come from a cruise and that's what happened. So like we thought we were gonna get slammed pretty hard and I actually have a co worker who got
SPEAKER_L: First
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: one.
SPEAKER_R: and she's she recovered and she's been working from home and she's in a yeah in her sixties I think and she's doing fine. So um Uh huh Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Sorry, go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. So I think because people followed it so well that even if you did get sick it was so easy to isolate and like all the, you know, like we had like, you know, all the stores put in like protocols, uh insta cart grubhub made everything made like delivery affordable. Like they made it very just transition into isolation. Yeah. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Me. I'm glad that that worked out well. Yeah. Are you having any of the wackos who are like protesting then wanting to open up the state? Like, have
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: you heard of that?
SPEAKER_R: now
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: pretty much everyone that I've talked to kind of hopes that uh we continue this for a while um because I know someone in Georgia who opened, I want to say like two weeks ago or like a week and a half ago and he, he was like, I wish it was like California here because no one ever follow the precautions and like I feel like gonna get it and there's nothing I can do about it because I can't make anyone else all the rules.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. It's really scary, like I'm seeing a lot of news about places where people who feel that their freedom is being infringed upon are starting to like protests capitals and stuff like that and actually push their legislature to open the state again and we're just not ready. I guess there was a hearing, I want to say earlier today in um in Congress where a couple epidemiologists testified about the current state of things and they said, okay, we're hearing talk of states who who want to reopen. Like these are the things like, here's the laundry list of things that you need to have accomplished in order to safely reopen. And they went through and they gave very sort of comprehensive looks at different parts of public life and whatever that you would need to have under control or whatever. And currently, no state in the Union is hitting all all of those criteria. You know, they were, they were like, we want to be very clear like no state is ready to reopen. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: my God,
SPEAKER_L: so it's not that it's impossible. Like you can see like each of these things are doable, you know, they're talking about like, you have to have two weeks of a downward track of new cases and you have to have this level of public testing available and stuff like that, you know? And so it's like all goals, like good goals to be shooting for. Um, but they're big takeaway is they were saying there's kind of this false dichotomy right now between public health and the economy, is that we have to choose one or the other. And they were like, you can't have public health without a functioning economy and you can't have a functioning economy without living healthy people like they're one and the same and we need to be talking about them as such, like we need to be visualizing this as a working together to get both of these things really going well right now, you know?
SPEAKER_R: that's what
SPEAKER_L: So like
SPEAKER_R: we're
SPEAKER_L: me.
SPEAKER_R: talking about. A guy work like we're kind of in the middle past because it's like, well we could disregard public health and just open the economy, but then we're going to have, like, a scourge in case because and indeed the health care system and will be screwed. We also could just stay closed off indefinitely. But then people are going to be out of work because not everyone can work from home. Not everyone has a job that can be done online. So like, you're going to really screw some people over, or we could, but like, but if we did that, then the k then coronavirus will eventually just it will keep going down and it will go away. But that's not an option. So we have to take the middle path, so we have to just open it. So well, they keep changing their approach. So last week they
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: were going to open industry by industry. So like, we'll start with one industry, if that goes well then we can open another one. But today they were talking about we're gonna open county by county. And so like not every will open at the same time. So it won't be like, oh, all of northern California opens, it will be like, you know, some counties in northern California, some in central, some in Southern and then see how that goes and then open more.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh, interesting, What
SPEAKER_R: But they
SPEAKER_L: are you thinking
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: that?
SPEAKER_R: have another spike in october by doing this like to just know that we're gonna have another spike. And something that I talked to my boss about is that this virus mutates. So what's going around right now is going to be mild compared to like the second generation. So that what makes me nervous about opening back up. And I wonder if we're just gonna be implementing this kind of protocol every flu season now. I don't because that's when it's gonna because because a lot of people that I talk to you think that well when I open back up we're all safe and it can all go back to normal it cannot go back to normal actually. So like when it opens back up we need to be even more cautious because that's when the virus is from U. T. And it's going to be more generous. So.
SPEAKER_L: right. Yeah, it's tricky. I really, I really do wish we could just stay on lockdown indefinitely and make sure that people who are out of work are supported financially and are able to support their family and their loved ones. Right. I wish there was a robust enough social safety net so that we could keep those people safe at home and keep the curve flat, you know? And I don't like that, that people are putting pressure on the government to try and reopen as a, as a matter like that, they're politicizing the issue as an infringement on their personal rights and liberties because public health, like we pay people like you to tell us what to do in these times of grave crisis, right? Because we don't all have that sort of textbook knowledge that you studied and we need the guidance of people who understand it from an epidemiological perspective, who understand it from a geographical perspective, you know, and who can take these different disciplines and put them together. And so like I guess I feel like I wish America could be so different in so many, like we would have to be, we would have to already have been a different country in so many ways for things to go differently and for things to go more sustainably. And I two are really scared about what's going to come down the pipe in the fall because I don't think people are going to be willing to sit around all summer on lockdown. I think they're just going to give it up and they're going to want their baseball back and they're going to want their concerts back and they're going to want to go back to work and eventually they're going to put so much pressure on the local level politicians that they're going to get some version of that. Um, and that's, that's frustrating to me because I've been working really hard to stay at home and like practice good, you know, All of, all of the new protocols, facemasks, handwashing stuff like that. Like I've been working like I haven't, I want to see my partner, I haven't been for like almost two months now because that's like what we have to do to each play our part, you know? But I feel is frustrating that other kind of like your friend said like other people can throw my hard work away.
SPEAKER_R: I know it's hard like um I didn't see my partner for probably like a month and a half and it was
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: a birthday and we had to like sell. So we did a socially distance where I went and I bought him dinner and we somewhere where we could safely sit outside and like eat together without even to felt like. Yeah I see like other people because we have a lot of like social justice work who's out here in California and they're like eating this up for whatever reason saying like look at me like falling all the rules and like judging you for like not social distancing and all on instagram. I've actually lost a handful of friends and started because I've been calling people out just like I work like the health department, I don't know who you're judging because you should be judging your own actions because like you're not falling social distancing at all. You're traveling all over
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: California saying that you need to visit family for emotional support that you're like cross contaminating like five households. I am
SPEAKER_L: Go
SPEAKER_R: like wanting to see
SPEAKER_L: wonder.
SPEAKER_R: my partner
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: like birthday and like just being in the presence of other people outside of like the socially distance office that I go into like once, but like I can't because people like you think that you know better and think that you are following the rules and you're nowhere near following the rules. I think you're like the exception to the rule because you have all these like morals and stuff, but you're not like you're not doing anything to help this Cause right now
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. That's
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: frustrating.
SPEAKER_R: hope this one girl, I was like, don't even mention social distancing and this photo because you're not, you're not, it's yeah, I'm like, you're not take the caption off. They're not socially distance about this photo.
SPEAKER_L: Shit. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, frustrating.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. I finally like did see my partner in this past weekend because we both had, we, we felt like we had followed like long enough of the protocol that it was like safe to see each other and we were just going to see each other. Oh,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: but that's
SPEAKER_L: Let
SPEAKER_R: what,
SPEAKER_L: me
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: see.
SPEAKER_R: really hard. Like I can't imagine the people that are like completely alone because I live alone, but at least I have like family or like a boyfriend and I can like see and interact with, but I know there's lots of people that don't have that at all. Imagine how hard that is right now.
SPEAKER_L: You're, yeah, I'm, I'm living with a roommate that I don't get along with because she is doing risky coronavirus. She went on a coronavirus vacation to south Carolina, stayed with her partner for a while. And then when work reopened, she came back to Connecticut and refused to, she didn't get tested. She refused to like stay in a separate place for any period of time to see if she developed symptoms like, no, she just cruised right back in. Um, and so like I'm living with her, but we're avoiding each other, you know? But at least I know that I have friends who live nearby that I have a partner who like we made, we made an agreement that if one of us gets sick, like we're gonna come and the caretakers, you know, despite the incredible labor, that's going to be involved in the incredible risk that's going to be involved with that. You know? And so yeah, even for me, you know, I, I am kind of like, mm, well I'm technically not living alone. I'm like, I'm definitely on my own right now, you know? And even then I can still envision how much harder it would be if I didn't have those relationships and those connections that I knew I could count on. You know, like if I, if I got really sick and my partner couldn't make it here to like deliver groceries. I know there are people that I could call our message who would like drop off a hot meal on the porch for me, you know, and like be tough would be sad, but like they would show up for me, you know? But yeah, it's really scary to think of the people who don't have those kind of supports.
SPEAKER_R: I know, I'm so crazy. It, but hopefully because we have been falling, the rule will be okay and I think we'll get a little bit of a break in the summer months because I don't do well in warmer weather. You know, that's what makes october scary. I know that I will personally be taken cold and flu season a lot more seriously.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Well we didn't get any talking problems. I guess we were just, yes, we did it. Right. Cool. Yeah, I think it's been enough time. See
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: oh, he went way over. Hey, we did agree.
SPEAKER_R: I've got about $15.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's a pretty, I gotta say that's pretty even as an hourly rate, I'll take that. I think that's the money. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Or was nice chatting with you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You too going? I'm like, I'm glad that there are, it's nice to connect and see that there are other people out there who are taking it seriously. Like I guess like the silent minority in some ways, but like more power to you for one.
SPEAKER_R: more metal heads across the unite.
SPEAKER_L: we're out here, we're doing it check out load. I think you'll like them and uh hopefully someday in the not too distant future the concerts will be back and you'll get to rock out again. Dream. All right, my friend, nice to meet you
SPEAKER_R: Nice to meet you and take care.
SPEAKER_L: immediately.
SPEAKER_R: Bye.