Yeah. Mhm. Oh, mm. Uh huh. Oh, correct. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm hmm. Mhm. Honey. Oh, okay. Yeah. Country. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, mm hmm. I can't, yeah, that is more quickly. Yeah. Yeah. Mm hmm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Oh yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Mm hmm. Uh huh. What? What? Oh yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Hello?
I can, I can hear you really well. Can you hear me? All right?
Yeah. Good. Do you want to take a moment to get your yeah, camera makes it up or anything or do
you think you're?
Mhm. Yeah, I think so. I was here a couple minutes earlier and it took a minute to get everything dialed in. So
Hi. Hey. Um So I have a pet bird then she's in the room with me. So if you hear something that sounds like somebody laughing maniacally in the background. That's my bird.
Mhm. Uh huh. So what's your name?
to
meet you. My name is dan.
Oh man. Um I think I started maybe two years ago, three years ago or something like that. I've been doing it on and off, I haven't been doing it consistently that whole time. Um but I've got so much time on my hands now and there's not a lot of money, but it helps the people in a little bit of some change down and makes me feel a little less bored, a little less useless. I don't have work from home right now so. Yeah.
Yeah, absolutely. Actually I got started with prolific when I was doing a tutoring job at our local community college and the way that the tutoring center work was, students can drop in any time. You can actually help with writing or math or science or whatever. And you know as you can imagine late in the semester when people had big projects or whatever, we were pretty much always busy but for the first several weeks in the semester people didn't have assignments yet. And a lot of times the tutors would just be sitting there waiting for somebody and we were paid to be ready and on call but nobody would actually come. So I was actually able to use my laptop during those quiet times and do prolific and double dip and everybody was fine with it and I was like okay okay.
great. Hey, it's hard to find legitimate online gig work that doesn't, you know, come with scummy, Uber or similar, you know where you're going to run your car into the ground or whatever or where you're not like secretly paying some horrific price for it, you know? Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah.
You know it, from what I read, it made it sound like we might get prompt at some point, like maybe they'll come up on the screen or something,
but
I guess another
place
we're
supposed
to win.
Yeah, No, I think we're good. Like sometimes from the studies that I've done in the past, um they could be doing any number of things, they could be doing a study about body language and the actual words were saying don't matter much to the research, it's really more about the type of body language that we're using one another. It could be about whether or not we eventually talk about the coronavirus, it could be about a number of different things and it's kind of like not worth it to play mind games to try him. Second. That's been my experience. Anyway,
I am, I'm in Connecticut.
we're in California, I have family there.
Okay, gotcha. My family is a little further south closer to san Diego.
Yeah. Uh huh. Oh yeah, your space looks pretty snazzy.
Do you do you own your place is an apartment.
Oh, I mean
yeah. Cool. Did they give you a good deal
business?
Sure. Yeah. Yeah, like san Francisco is why we have craig's list. It's
getting
I rent my rent, I've been living in this space for probably about 12 years now, I managed to find just really nice landlords, this is the only property they own, it used to be where they lived um they charge way below market value and they don't feel like greasy, slimy landlords, they're just like an old italian family, they share their baking with me sometimes, so
yeah, it feels good to live in a place where I like the house itself and where I also get along well with people that are renting from and I can afford it just like a lot of things come together to make it a hot for me, so
no intention to leave, I don't ask you,
and
yeah, yeah, I'm just mute my phone, sorry, I've got a couple of new education is going off that I don't want to bother me. Yeah, you know I have a friend who lived up in Portland Oregon for a while and he was saying very much the same thing that even if you find a good place after one year when it comes time to sign your release again, the landlord wants to check the rent so much that you essentially get forced out and it doesn't matter where you go like that's what's happening everywhere because the the price of housing is just going up in all the neighborhoods of the city.
The
Mhm. Yeah, that's, wow, okay. Yeah.
Yeah. Well do you at least get to have fun with it?
That's so funny.
I know, yeah.
who are some of your favorite musicians?
Yeah, I wonder if they somehow matched us together based on metal that's totally music.
that's unbelievable. Yeah, man, some of the deftones show us they've been putting on a day to day lives deftones and stuff like that, like they've really been getting some interesting bills together recently. Yeah.
and
go out.
One.
Oh that's fantastic. Oh before I forget, have you heard of a band called Low from
England? Low of
serious death tone vibes from them? There there are five piece I think from England and in february they dropped an album um album's kind of long name, it's um I let it in and it took everything is the name of the album and there are there are spots on it that are like so close to death tones that it feels it came a little close on my rip off radar. Yeah. But um but it just barely didn't
cross the line because
I could see that they were doing their own thing with it and I think they're self conscious of the fact, I think they're trying to sort of pay homage to deftones without, because
the whole album is very diverse. I think if you, if you check it out, you'll see what I mean. There are parts where you're gonna go like, oh yeah, this is totally like um if you think of some of the very heavy but spacey, atmospheric, slow parts of deftones songs. Trying to think of a good example, like maybe like Minerva to off of the self titled album, the one with the Skull and the Roses on it, um just like super chill but heavy and spacey and like airy, floaty. Um There are some passages like that on the lowest album that reminded me of them, but like, they they rip it up, they're really cool.
I think you would, you bet you're going to try them. Yeah.
I know,
you know. Mhm.
Well, so Connecticut's weird Connecticut is right in between new york and boston. And so in a lot of ways we kind of get passed over because bigger acts will put on a show in each of those big cities, but they don't want to over saturate the market up here, so not a lot of major acts make pit stops in Connecticut. Um and right, there's also like I there's another thing going on where I wonder sometimes if either people in the promotion industry or shady businessman or something like that have actively fought to keep big acts from coming to Connecticut so that they wouldn't water down the market or water down the attendance at the boston in new york shows, just get nervous. There are, there are a couple of venues over the decades that I've heard kind of started to bubble up and start getting some of those bigger act and something mysterious always seems to happen. There seems to be a fire or there seems to be a sudden change in management or something like that where all of a sudden that then you kind of loses the momentum. It seemed to be gaming.
And it's like this,
like this mysterious pattern. Um, part of the reason I saw that was, I don't do it anymore, but for seven years I wrote the local music column for the alternative weekly newspaper here. So it was, it was pretty neat. It was an interesting gig. So I used to go to two concerts every week.
Mm It, I'll tell you it's, it's a double edged sword because I started doing it because I was going to concerts all the time and I was like, somebody will pay me to write what I probably was going to email my friends about or like write in my journal, like hell yeah, I'll do that. Um, but when you take something that you love and you turn it into your job, it sucks a little of a magic out of it, you know? Um
And
he.
Yeah. You get burned out being like by yourself in the car, coming home at like two a.m. You get burned out like waiting for the 45 minute or hour between sets, you know? Like, and especially if you're trying to review bands that are new to you. Then over and over, you end up in a venue or a basement or a scene where you don't know anybody. And um I'm I'm friendly but I don't have the easiest time like making small talk or breaking into a conversation or just like making a random new friend and like eventually it just gets really boring to sit there like you're sipping your beer as slowly as you can, going, okay, come on, next band, come on. Um and this was when I was doing it to, it was before smartphones, so I didn't really have anything substantial to occupy my time in that downtime. Um and you kind of can't bring a book with you and into the bars or into the basement of the punk house. So yeah,
so
things
yeah. That
somebody seen.
why? That's dedication?
Yeah. It could be challenging. It can be challenging at times. Um Another weird thing was, you know, I was going to all these concerts and I was writing these columns and then I would, you know, so I go out during the week and on the weekend, and then on monday is when I would file my column, so the paper would come out on Wednesday. And so, like, Wednesday leading up to the weekend, all these people were reading about the concert that had already happened. And so, like, I could maybe write about, like, the IT band or a band that had just released an album and try and drive people to like, their next gig, or say, at the end of the column, you know, this coming weekend, they're playing at this place or whatever, but, like, it kind of felt like I was not helping connect interested people to interesting bands, you know? So, like, in the final couple years of my column, I finally convinced my editor instead of reviewing the live shows, to, like, let me interview the bands, like, let's do let's front loaded, and I'll talk to the band about their new album in advance of the show, so that when the paper drops on Wednesday, people can go and see the show on friday night feeling like, you know, a little more about the band and feeling like they picked out like, okay, this band plays a kind of music that I like and I went online, I listened to a couple extremely couple songs I'm into it. It's worth the 10 bucks, you know, let's go for it.
Uh huh. So that that felt good that I finally sort of I had to push him a lot to change the column that way. Uh huh But that was a that was a cool change and it meant that I didn't have to go out as much anymore. Go ahead. But it was writing for a newspaper and all the newspapers started to fold. This was I finished writing for them, I want to see maybe in like 2012, something like that. And just all the little newspapers were starting to plummet because there isn't really any advertising money to cover local based coverage anymore, you know? So yeah, I kind of saw the writing on the wall when they started going like, okay, we want you to write a bigger column for the same day and we want you to start writing like three blog posts a week and getting photos for the blog for the same pay. And I was like, oh boy, I'm getting a bad feeling about where your finances are going based on these questions. So ended up splitting off. But yeah, it was a, it was a weird and wild gig. It was pretty interesting.
Yeah, yeah, and writing doesn't, doesn't pay anymore. Like the, I mean, not that it was, it was never enough for me to really fully stay afloat. It was enough for me to barely pay my expenses and I had to have my partner at the time helped chip in the last little bit for groceries or for this bill or for that pill every month and we made it work between the two of us, but I was never financially Solomon, they paid me as a contractor, they didn't withhold any taxes or any benefits or anything, so like every april when tax day came around I had to pay all the taxes on, on whatever they cut me. Um yeah, it wasn't like a regular wage job where they would hold part of your earnings and they chip in part of your taxes, like you have a pit bull, like basically one third of everything you are, so tax day always for um so yeah, um anyway, I'm curious what, so you were saying you went to school before but I didn't catch what your masters was,
you know,
interesting news for you now. Mhm,
Focus
honey.
What?
Do you sort of have any idea of what it might transform into the like and when you say sent anywhere like could they really like send you far a field international or?
Yeah.
Thanks
then on.
Yeah, wow, that's while
I'm really happy that I mean this is kind of changed the world in so many ways, but I think one of the good things that might come out of this is that like now so many people have like tasted the forbidden fruit of working from home and like all the managers who are like, I don't know, I'm skeptical like they have to overcome that and like that argument is done like
the
infrastructure is in place.
No,
you know? Yeah, yeah, so now, like so many people, you know, whenever we do eventually go back to normal, whatever normal looks like at that point like so many people are going to be like, well let's make it work from home, like I want to, I want to keep doing this and they're gonna be like, no, you can come back five days a week, they're gonna be like, I think it's worth it to me to put my foot down and say like I'm going to work from home three days a week if you want to keep me, you know, and like a lot of bosses are going to have to make those tough decisions, but I feel like there's no there's no going back now. Like we've seen we can do it, we've seen that people actually show up for it and do a decent job, They're much happier, like it doesn't take a huge amount of it investment and so much of the network infrastructure and the software and stuff is gonna be there set up already that to not use it would almost be wasteful, you know, like you can save on the real estate in the office space like yeah, do it.
many
good things.
sir.
Yeah, that's rad. Fight for it. Fight for it when when normal comes back it
sounds
like it's
working really well for you,
so I'm so I'm not working right now. Um I was going to start work around the end of March with the census.
I have been part of the previous phase of the census where we were gathering up sort of everybody's addresses, so we know where to mail the forms to and New England in general was really on top of their address canvassing and pretty much finished the work in New England about a month ahead of schedule.
And so I had been counting on the census to provide me work for the whole period that they contracted me and it ran out this month early and I was like, oh shit! And I kind of poked and prodded my bosses, I was like, there's no work anywhere. And he was like, well actually there might be something, I'm hearing some rumblings from upstairs, like, let me check into it and it took a little bit of doing. But we learned that other places in The US, especially in the far south were very far behind on their canvassing especially because you have to travel so far between each house that it just makes the whole process slowdown to a crawl. So they ended up taking workers like me from up here in New England and flying us down to places like Louisiana texas and they sent me to Oklahoma and put me up in a hotel. Um I would never have any reason to go to Oklahoma. It's a part of America that like I've never seen before and like didn't really have any personal connection to but I was like hell yeah I want to see a different part of the U. S. And they put me up and they fed me. It took them a long long time because government but they eventually reimbursed me for my food and from a rental power and stuff like that. And yeah I stayed down there for almost a month
going around
seeing all this beautiful farmland and prairie land and actually some not so beautiful tiny like rural cities that were just like kind of frozen in time somewhere back in the seventies or eighties you know and just had you can just sense that like the people there have no life.
But yeah so I got to see this very different part of America from New England. And so I was like okay cool this is like the senses need and there was decent money to let me rack up tons of overtime like pretty much as much as I wanted to work they would pay me for. So so I signed up to come back for the next days and that was supposed to start at the end of March. And my training was natural for the very same week where all of the state governments started going, oh, I think we need to lock things down, you know? Um So all of that is postpones until who knows when at this point. So I'm still hired technically, I'll still have the job whenever things are safe again. But uh huh. Until then I've just sort of been at home doing prolific and collecting unemployment and trying to make it as long as I can between runs to the grocery store, you know, like go out as little as possible. So yeah,
it
is two. Yeah, appear in Connecticut. It's it's kind of rough because our proximity to new york state made us like we were very early in reacting to like close down schools and try and get ahead of things. Like we were among the first states who started taking like stay at home protections and stuff like that. Um, but despite that we're so close to the epicenter in new york city and once people in new york city found out how bad it was and started to get a picture of how bad it was going to get. A lot of people fled the city and they came to Rhode island Connecticut massachusetts northern new york anywhere that they have family or you know, somebody that they can stay with, He got out of new york city itself. And so we had a lot of confirmed cases coming up in sort of the southern part of Connecticut that we're probably connected to the outbreak in new york city.
So, so
and
we do, it's not so much where I'm in central Connecticut, so um, it's Connecticut's very odd culturally because you know, we're like we're that rectangle with a little hanging down, he bit down in the corner that points towards New york city that hang down a bit is like culturally basically part of new york city. Um if you work in new york city and you're wealthy, chances are you actually live in Connecticut and you drive in or take the train in to new york city for work, but you want your kids to go to the wealthy Connecticut school system and like have your flashy house down there or whatever. So like that part of Connecticut is like so culturally different from the rest of Connecticut. It's like not, it's like essentially a different state in a lot of ways um where I am is pretty disconnected from New york city. Most people who live around here work in like uh the insurance industry is a really big industry based out of Hartford you know? Um And it's really easy if you're like a young kid who just graduated and got a bachelor's or a master's in business or something like that, you can definitely get hired as an entry level analyst with one of the major insurance companies here. So there's a lot of that. Um and there's you know there's like some major shipping, there's a lot of headaches, a lot of ups oh my God I just got up, I'll show her to you if you come down in the night, she's up on the ceiling fan just out of camera. Yeah
so it's not it's not super connected to New york city right where I am but there is a giant trunk in Connecticut that is very intertwined with life in new york. So. Yeah. Yeah.
mom.
Get up. Yeah it works, it works if you do actually remember that weren't there, weren't there a group of like a handful of people who were some of the first Oh yeah this is jennifer.
Oh see how I do. She's
a ring next of mhm. Yeah. So she has the same kind of bird as like you know the white piece stuff, Same type of bird, different color. Yeah,
she's very sweet anyway um weren't you weren't there some confirmed cases that were among the first to actually enter the United States that like disembarked
in California
or something?
First
one.
Sorry, go ahead.
Yeah. Me. I'm glad that that worked out well. Yeah. Are you having any of the wackos who are like protesting then wanting to open up the state? Like, have
you heard of that?
No.
Yeah. Yeah. It's really scary, like I'm seeing a lot of news about places where people who feel that their freedom is being infringed upon are starting to like protests capitals and stuff like that and actually push their legislature to open the state again and we're just not ready. I guess there was a hearing, I want to say earlier today in um in Congress where a couple epidemiologists testified about the current state of things and they said, okay, we're hearing talk of states who who want to reopen. Like these are the things like, here's the laundry list of things that you need to have accomplished in order to safely reopen. And they went through and they gave very sort of comprehensive looks at different parts of public life and whatever that you would need to have under control or whatever. And currently, no state in the Union is hitting all all of those criteria. You know, they were, they were like, we want to be very clear like no state is ready to reopen. Yeah,
so it's not that it's impossible. Like you can see like each of these things are doable, you know, they're talking about like, you have to have two weeks of a downward track of new cases and you have to have this level of public testing available and stuff like that, you know? And so it's like all goals, like good goals to be shooting for. Um, but they're big takeaway is they were saying there's kind of this false dichotomy right now between public health and the economy, is that we have to choose one or the other. And they were like, you can't have public health without a functioning economy and you can't have a functioning economy without living healthy people like they're one and the same and we need to be talking about them as such, like we need to be visualizing this as a working together to get both of these things really going well right now, you know?
So like
me.
But
Uh huh, interesting, What
are you thinking
that?
right. Yeah, it's tricky. I really, I really do wish we could just stay on lockdown indefinitely and make sure that people who are out of work are supported financially and are able to support their family and their loved ones. Right. I wish there was a robust enough social safety net so that we could keep those people safe at home and keep the curve flat, you know? And I don't like that, that people are putting pressure on the government to try and reopen as a, as a matter like that, they're politicizing the issue as an infringement on their personal rights and liberties because public health, like we pay people like you to tell us what to do in these times of grave crisis, right? Because we don't all have that sort of textbook knowledge that you studied and we need the guidance of people who understand it from an epidemiological perspective, who understand it from a geographical perspective, you know, and who can take these different disciplines and put them together. And so like I guess I feel like I wish America could be so different in so many, like we would have to be, we would have to already have been a different country in so many ways for things to go differently and for things to go more sustainably. And I two are really scared about what's going to come down the pipe in the fall because I don't think people are going to be willing to sit around all summer on lockdown. I think they're just going to give it up and they're going to want their baseball back and they're going to want their concerts back and they're going to want to go back to work and eventually they're going to put so much pressure on the local level politicians that they're going to get some version of that. Um, and that's, that's frustrating to me because I've been working really hard to stay at home and like practice good, you know, All of, all of the new protocols, facemasks, handwashing stuff like that. Like I've been working like I haven't, I want to see my partner, I haven't been for like almost two months now because that's like what we have to do to each play our part, you know? But I feel is frustrating that other kind of like your friend said like other people can throw my hard work away.
No.
what?
Go
wonder.
Thanks.
Uh huh. That's
frustrating.
Shit. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, frustrating.
Yeah.
Let
me
see.
You're, yeah, I'm, I'm living with a roommate that I don't get along with because she is doing risky coronavirus. She went on a coronavirus vacation to south Carolina, stayed with her partner for a while. And then when work reopened, she came back to Connecticut and refused to, she didn't get tested. She refused to like stay in a separate place for any period of time to see if she developed symptoms like, no, she just cruised right back in. Um, and so like I'm living with her, but we're avoiding each other, you know? But at least I know that I have friends who live nearby that I have a partner who like we made, we made an agreement that if one of us gets sick, like we're gonna come and the caretakers, you know, despite the incredible labor, that's going to be involved in the incredible risk that's going to be involved with that. You know? And so yeah, even for me, you know, I, I am kind of like, mm, well I'm technically not living alone. I'm like, I'm definitely on my own right now, you know? And even then I can still envision how much harder it would be if I didn't have those relationships and those connections that I knew I could count on. You know, like if I, if I got really sick and my partner couldn't make it here to like deliver groceries. I know there are people that I could call our message who would like drop off a hot meal on the porch for me, you know, and like be tough would be sad, but like they would show up for me, you know? But yeah, it's really scary to think of the people who don't have those kind of supports.
Yes. Well we didn't get any talking problems. I guess we were just, yes, we did it. Right. Cool. Yeah, I think it's been enough time. See
oh, he went way over. Hey, we did agree.
Yeah, that's a pretty, I gotta say that's pretty even as an hourly rate, I'll take that. I think that's the money. Okay.
Yeah. You too going? I'm like, I'm glad that there are, it's nice to connect and see that there are other people out there who are taking it seriously. Like I guess like the silent minority in some ways, but like more power to you for one.
we're out here, we're doing it check out load. I think you'll like them and uh hopefully someday in the not too distant future the concerts will be back and you'll get to rock out again. Dream. All right, my friend, nice to meet you
immediately.