I can.
Yes, I can.
I'm
pretty good. How about you?
So high,
No problem. I have a dog and two cats that will probably jump behind me and some Oh,
my name is marisa. What's your
name?
Nice to meet you dan. And how long have you been doing prolific?
I just started doing it because I am working from home and uh, so it's just a perfect way to make a little side and come when I have some time and I used to commute like an hour to work every day so I can just spend that doing prolific and make some extra money now.
That's great. I wish I had known about it sooner because I would I would have been doing this.
So are we supposed to be falling a prompt or we're just talking off the cuff.
Yeah, that's what I thought I read too, but
I think,
I think
it
was
ok
to just have a conversation anyway, but I just want to make sure we're doing it correctly.
So are you in the United States?
Nice. I'm in California, which
I'm in northern California and not too far from san Francisco.
Oh gotcha. Yeah, it's a really nice area out that way. We're the colder weather over here.
Well thank you.
Um I rent it but I actually will probably inherit this house one day. I run it from family so
I'm kind of lucky.
Yes they do. That's
the only way I can afford to live close to san Francisco,
How about you,
do you write or? Um
Well that's awesome.
not yet,
that's good, that's always a situation that you want to get in. Especially like here in California, it's hard to sign a good landlord because there's just such demand to live here, even if you have
a nice one in the beginning, you know the desire to make more money always creeps up at some point than
yep. And I know there was a big migration of people from California to Oregon and so I think like the price of Portland probably skyrocketed to close to California
prices in the last like 10 years. Mhm.
trendy to live out here.
I do, I do that. I mean that's why I commute so far to work because I just love being here. I don't because I don't I'm not really like a a city person, I went to college in san Francisco but I quickly learn like I didn't actually ever want to live there because it's so overwhelming. But the nice thing about northern California versus southern California is we don't have all the traffic, like we have some traffic like don't get me wrong, but you drive an hour out here and you're in a totally like different area and like so much open space. And if you like hiking, this is a great place to be um clean air, you're by the water. So there's a lot of perks uh being here and I'm close enough to san Francisco where I can go visit whenever I want. You know that happened to live there. I'm
big on going to concerts, although I don't know when that's going to happen. All right.
our governor is like really strict or I mean I all the other states are going to open in California is gonna be dragging way. So I don't know when those will come back, but that was like my favorite activity. So I'm like in a really, I feel thought to go to like all the concerts in northern California. Sure off.
Uh I'm like an undercover metal head. So yeah, I like a like slayer system of a down. Um I liked some new battle nu metal bands to like slipknot or disturbed stuff like that. Um Now I'm like blanking. Um Let me, who was I let me think who I was gonna see this year. I was gonna see death tones and Gojira over the summer, but that was cancelled. So
don't you? I don't know.
Yeah, so deftones are actually from Sacramento which is like just a few hours from san Francisco. So I think they boycotted this area for a really long time. I want to say someone like spit in the lead singer space or something
like that. Maybe that
band, but something happened where like the deftones salt really insulted even though this is like their home town. I think it's only in like the last like five years or so that they've been like torn here. And when we have uh a pretty big festival in Sacramento every year called Aftershock. They're saying it's still going to happen this year. I don't know Metallica supposed to headline two nights and I've never
seen Metallica, so I so stoked um I really hope that it happens. Um but deftones will play that festival a lot. They'll usually headline because that is literally their hometown sacramento. So we love them here, like we're please coming back.
Well,
no, I have not already thought down though.
What?
Well,
that
stop.
Oh, that's so cool. I'm glad we're having this conversation because there's nothing else to really do right now,
Listen to.
So do you go to a lot of concerts where you are? Do they have them out there?
how
is he?
Oh my gosh, that's like my dream job.
it's hard.
A lot of concerts like a week because I feel like in the last couple years because there were so many farewell shows, I really was just going to like everyone that was coming through a
lot. We get everyone here. There's some weeks. I was going to two or three like major concerts, like traveling over an hour to get there and I was just like for so I could see, I could see like literally having to go and then like doing work, you know, I get tiring because yeah.
one
time
I was seeing slower um and I was taking my final, it was the week I take my final exam for my Master's degree and everyone else like thought because I haven't traveled to the school because I did an online program, but I had to go in person to take the final. So it was like an hour and a half, like backtrack like maybe it was only an hour back to san Francisco to like see slayer, but it was like my finals week. So everyone else is like freaking the fuck out. Like how can you go to a concert? Like your master's degree? Like rides on this exam. I was like, I got it, it's slayer. Like I'm not making them actually brought my notes with me and I was studying in between set mhm
can
be done and I've done it and I like telling the story because I was one of the only people that not only passed, like all those people that stayed behind the study failed and didn't get their degrees, I passed with honest. It was so funny because the gardener at the school, it comes up to me and my shirt the next day and he's like, he likes layers, like yeah, he's like, I'm like one of jerry Holtz good friends, like I I threw his wedding and stuff and like yeah, so mhm
Uh huh uh huh But I couldn't imagine not having a smartphone though like because I'm I'm not really, I can't come off as outgoing, but I have to be like introduced to people or afternoon someone, so I couldn't imagine going to like a punk house. We've got lots of them out here like in Oakland um and like having to like sit around, I would be so uncomfortable. Yeah.
No.
well I'm sure it was interesting for a while. At least you like had that experience while there's still more newspapers because yeah, everything's a blog now.
Oh my Masters is in public health.
Yeah, so, um I
want to be like a health educator that hasn't happened. I actually have, I have a pretty interesting start how I got into all this because I, I wanted to be a radio DJ when I was younger, that was job I wanted to be, because we surprisingly have pretty shitty radio stations in northern California. Like, it's really hard, like, uh like in in sacramento, like where the capital is, like, there's some decent, like rock stations that play metal and stuff, but like in san Francisco, like, it really is not that great. It's all like indie or like electronic music and stuff like that. So if you're like a rocker metal head, like there's not much for you. So I wanted to do that, but then I realized there was no money in that. Like, I was not going to stay afloat in this area, like, you mean it? And job when I was in college was working at a cannabis club surprisingly, and uh I didn't use a product myself, but I kind of just got thrown into this whole world of alternative medicine where I was like, um and who knows who's paying for this research study. And I realized, you know, big pharma is doing some pretty like
baby stuff. And I wanted
to like connect
people back with like medicine and um what's labeled alternative, which I think is just ancient wisdom knowledge, you've, you know, made to be sound like it's crazy if you uh use it because we're relying on Medicaid, not that there isn't like a place or medication, but I think there are other options available to. So I really wanted to like bring that education um, to other people because when I was working in that industry, I kind of became an expert on CVD before it blew up, I, I left the industry like right before it blew up so I could have made a lot of money if I, if I had stuck with it. But my boss was a little shady, he went off deep end and I couldn't be involved anymore. And so I got my masters degree so I could be a health educator, but it's really hard to get in that field. And then like for me, it's hard to find something that I am feel good about because I couldn't, I couldn't just go like work at a hospital and teach the correct they have because I might not fully agree. So I actually work for the Department of Public Health right now. And so it is pretty interesting with the coronavirus. Um, I'm kind of just on standby waiting to see what my job is going to be because there's just so much stuff going on that I could just be sent anywhere. I don't know what my role is going to be right now, so
well they can't send me international. So I've been in government for a while now. And so when there is a emergency of any kind and I don't, I don't know if you heard about the northern California fires that we've had in the last few years. So those have um, those are in my area. And so like back in 2017 I had to respond to a fire. So I was just like an office worker and I get thrown into, I have to commute two hours away, all the sentence work night shift with the National Guard because we had to make a makeshift hospital at Fairgrounds. And so I somehow became the check in person technically doing security with the National Guard. Um So they can make your g they can have you do anything like you really don't want. Um
I think because of the the nature of what's going on right now, my role will probably be worked at home, which is really great because I wanting a work at home job
and I just quit my job to get it. So I feel a little like guilty sometimes because I'm like, oh I actually really wanted a scenario like this, like not because of these circumstances, but I was hoping for something
this I think what I'll probably end up doing is like uh monitoring people that have contracted the virus or something like yeah probably be my role for a people of time. But I'm on standby waiting to get a new assignment. So
I used to just um so here in California, like if you, let's say you go to the hospital and you have a complaint, you would call my department and our nurses would go investigate your complaint and see if they're following the laws and things like that. So I just process the paperwork for that kind of stuff. So so yeah, so obviously all that's going to be put on cause that's the least of anyone's concerns right now. No. Yeah.
And
what's interesting
is there realizing how cost effective it is too, because
the state of California was actually about to buy a building which you can imagine how expensive that would be in California. We're going to buy a building so they can accommodate all the employees. And now they're like, we could save that money and put it into the coronavirus and everyone can work from home if they want to and wait and like way happier like staff now.
Many cars off the road. I mean lot
of,
yeah, I mean I still have to go into the office like um, like two days a week right now, but it's not so bad anymore because it's like my hour commute is like a 45 minute commute now.
It's really not that bad. And I, I actually like look more forward to going into the office now because I am working from home so much at the time and we can't really do anything on our days off right now. I mean you can go for a walk or whatever, but you can't do that much. So it's like, it's nice to go in the office and like see whoever is in that day and yeah, way better quality of life.
What
about
you?
What do you do?
I'm Oh
whoa
Where
our?
Oh my All right. Uh huh.
Oh that's
crazy.
Oh my gosh.
Good. Really? A
lot of people that like commute into new york for work, right?
yeah,
yeah, they thought that san Francisco was going to be like new york, but we actually, I think we're also an early adopter out here, A lot of the county's adopted their own ordinances before the governor made any declarations and people have done a really good job of following the rules. I can't southern California because I've been pretty wrapped up in what's going on here, but I don't think California as a whole has had, you know, anything close to what happened in new york. But they totally thought that they did like we were I'm like I said I work for the public health department, we were prepared for the worst. Like we were
all standby. So I'm so grateful that people have followed up cautions.
jennifer.
you.
Uh huh. See me.
I
that
we I think it wasn't sacramento. We had people come from a cruise and that's what happened. So like we thought we were gonna get slammed pretty hard and I actually have a co worker who got
it
and she's she recovered and she's been working from home and she's in a yeah in her sixties I think and she's doing fine. So um Uh huh Yeah. Yeah.
Uh huh. So I think because people followed it so well that even if you did get sick it was so easy to isolate and like all the, you know, like we had like, you know, all the stores put in like protocols, uh insta cart grubhub made everything made like delivery affordable. Like they made it very just transition into isolation. Yeah. So
no,
now
pretty much everyone that I've talked to kind of hopes that uh we continue this for a while um because I know someone in Georgia who opened, I want to say like two weeks ago or like a week and a half ago and he, he was like, I wish it was like California here because no one ever follow the precautions and like I feel like gonna get it and there's nothing I can do about it because I can't make anyone else all the rules.
my God,
that's what
we're
talking about. A guy work like we're kind of in the middle past because it's like, well we could disregard public health and just open the economy, but then we're going to have, like, a scourge in case because and indeed the health care system and will be screwed. We also could just stay closed off indefinitely. But then people are going to be out of work because not everyone can work from home. Not everyone has a job that can be done online. So like, you're going to really screw some people over, or we could, but like, but if we did that, then the k then coronavirus will eventually just it will keep going down and it will go away. But that's not an option. So we have to take the middle path, so we have to just open it. So well, they keep changing their approach. So last week they
were going to open industry by industry. So like, we'll start with one industry, if that goes well then we can open another one. But today they were talking about we're gonna open county by county. And so like not every will open at the same time. So it won't be like, oh, all of northern California opens, it will be like, you know, some counties in northern California, some in central, some in Southern and then see how that goes and then open more.
But they
we
have another spike in october by doing this like to just know that we're gonna have another spike. And something that I talked to my boss about is that this virus mutates. So what's going around right now is going to be mild compared to like the second generation. So that what makes me nervous about opening back up. And I wonder if we're just gonna be implementing this kind of protocol every flu season now. I don't because that's when it's gonna because because a lot of people that I talk to you think that well when I open back up we're all safe and it can all go back to normal it cannot go back to normal actually. So like when it opens back up we need to be even more cautious because that's when the virus is from U. T. And it's going to be more generous. So.
I know it's hard like um I didn't see my partner for probably like a month and a half and it was
a birthday and we had to like sell. So we did a socially distance where I went and I bought him dinner and we somewhere where we could safely sit outside and like eat together without even to felt like. Yeah I see like other people because we have a lot of like social justice work who's out here in California and they're like eating this up for whatever reason saying like look at me like falling all the rules and like judging you for like not social distancing and all on instagram. I've actually lost a handful of friends and started because I've been calling people out just like I work like the health department, I don't know who you're judging because you should be judging your own actions because like you're not falling social distancing at all. You're traveling all over
California saying that you need to visit family for emotional support that you're like cross contaminating like five households. I am
like wanting to see
my partner
like birthday and like just being in the presence of other people outside of like the socially distance office that I go into like once, but like I can't because people like you think that you know better and think that you are following the rules and you're nowhere near following the rules. I think you're like the exception to the rule because you have all these like morals and stuff, but you're not like you're not doing anything to help this Cause right now
I
hope this one girl, I was like, don't even mention social distancing and this photo because you're not, you're not, it's yeah, I'm like, you're not take the caption off. They're not socially distance about this photo.
yeah. I finally like did see my partner in this past weekend because we both had, we, we felt like we had followed like long enough of the protocol that it was like safe to see each other and we were just going to see each other. Oh,
but that's
what,
it's
really hard. Like I can't imagine the people that are like completely alone because I live alone, but at least I have like family or like a boyfriend and I can like see and interact with, but I know there's lots of people that don't have that at all. Imagine how hard that is right now.
I know, I'm so crazy. It, but hopefully because we have been falling, the rule will be okay and I think we'll get a little bit of a break in the summer months because I don't do well in warmer weather. You know, that's what makes october scary. I know that I will personally be taken cold and flu season a lot more seriously.
So
I've got about $15.
Or was nice chatting with you.
more metal heads across the unite.
Nice to meet you and take care.
Bye.