SPEAKER_L: Yeah mm. Mhm. I can't. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Come on. Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Right. What Palestinians were becoming more stark still. She peacemaking her job? She started working for the U. N. Organizing dialogue groups reaching out to Israeli jews or the most skeptical these cultural right wing religious groups. Both sides seem to be moving away from the ideals of compromise. She was raised to believe it. I found myself often very alone with the narrative that doesn't really resonate or doesn't apply to a lot of people. And then before she was supposed to give a speech to peace conference about her work like you and canceled the program, she lost her job and that's what difference. Instead of going up and being the analytical U. N. Peace building on, I started telling jokes. It was probably the best thing that I've done so much more successful. Making fun of the divide. Trying to really she got gigs all over the U. S. And a fellowship at Harvard to write her one woman show. Coexistence my ass. But she says it's about your existence. About her ass. And I don't need to be careful them. I can make fun of the juice. And then my next joke would be making fun of Palestinians. I am now not making an order confusion, making jokes in the Middle East. You never know who you're gonna move in. All the audience is known faced as a peace mr as a comedian. The crowd in the lobby of Hotel Corona. It seemed like the most. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Hey, can you hear me? How you doing today?
SPEAKER_L: I'm good. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm doing well so yeah I don't know much about like the topics or anything so just tell me a little bit about yourself. Think
SPEAKER_L: I think we just
SPEAKER_R: of the nervous
SPEAKER_L: kind of
SPEAKER_R: system.
SPEAKER_L: randomly just talking chat. Let's see. I am located in D. C. In the U.
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: S.
SPEAKER_R: then
SPEAKER_L: Um I'm not sure if you're like in the US too, but I don't assume
SPEAKER_R: yeah I'm in the virgin, I'm in Virginia as well, I'm
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: in Blacksburg.
SPEAKER_L: am Virginia. Okay Blacksburg. Yeah. So I guess more like Maryland I would say dc to people because it's just easier. Uh Yeah but this is the first video study I've ever I have ever tried and then um adopted from china. That's usually a big singer, not from china. Two older brothers who are biological sons. I was supposed to be working in new york. However that changed a little bit. And now I'm here, are you a student? Are you graduated
SPEAKER_R: I'm a student.
SPEAKER_L: your
SPEAKER_R: I'm a student
SPEAKER_L: students?
SPEAKER_R: right now at taken. I was I was supposed to go down to north Carolina for internship but that went online instead.
SPEAKER_L: You have entered
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: your online.
SPEAKER_R: yeah so most of its and through cyber security so I can do most this up online. Um luckily it's not like engineering or anything where tams on. Um So what was your work in new york going to be?
SPEAKER_L: advertising.
SPEAKER_R: Oh what was the agency you can be working for?
SPEAKER_L: Um they now go by Den to McGary Bowen. It used to be just McGary Bowen and that's done to M. B. It just announced like a new name change as of yesterday believe or not.
SPEAKER_R: Did they push back your start data? What happened?
SPEAKER_L: So I actually did start I had I had I had been working professionally and then I sort of decided to like switch path. So it was like an entry level position, so it wasn't anything too complicated of course, but I did start the first week of March and I worked up till the 13th and then that's when everything sort of shut down, I'm sure.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah it's kind of um swiss school and everything like that. That's also kind of on our mind and stuff to at least mine like what am I gonna be able to do online and stuff? Because all my classes were different this semester because the big problem not for like my university, but there's some universities that have like people going on check and stuff for their test, so I don't know how they're gonna do that next semester and all that, but
SPEAKER_L: are you, do you have a couple of years left or just one more year?
SPEAKER_R: I have two years left.
SPEAKER_L: You have two years left?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah because I'm going to my junior year so I'm looking forward to that. Um And then hopefully after this syndrome chip will have one in Arlington with the void hopefully so
SPEAKER_L: that was
SPEAKER_R: in that
SPEAKER_L: beginning.
SPEAKER_R: area I'll be up in northern Virginia because I like my roommates actually from that area. Mhm. Um But yeah, so I kind of got into cybersecurity when
SPEAKER_L: jones.
SPEAKER_R: I came out with a new major in business with that, so I joined into that um that's when my internship is going to be in with with like train technologies, so I'm looking forward to um doing that. Actually just took a marketing class last month, but that's pretty interesting. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: nice. Yeah, so you're having a very practical, practical experience?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's one thing I like about like pampas teachers and all that bunch of their teachers are like knowledgeable in the field, they've actually done instead of just warning from the textbook.
SPEAKER_L: so you since
SPEAKER_R: Excuse
SPEAKER_L: you're, you're
SPEAKER_R: me.
SPEAKER_L: currently at tech, did you grow up in like this area or did you decide to go to tech from like another area?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I grew up in Virginia and then I visited them for some football games and I was like oh I gotta go to these football games, so that's how I went and I mean hopefully um we got to have the next mustard, but it's not looking too good right now because I have a friend that's working for the team for recruiting and he says they're thinking about maybe pushing it to spring or having to cancel it altogether. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It's a very odd time to, I guess maybe that's why they're doing this study
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, let's see that. This is like my first on one study too and I was like, oh this is kind of different. So I'm wondering if they're kind of saying like if that's like all we talk about or um Yeah, but I mean it's kind of like the forefront of everything because I mean for me, I didn't watch the news not much until like this in the new york every day. Like what's the new even that's like the same thing each day.
SPEAKER_L: now. It
SPEAKER_R: Perfect.
SPEAKER_L: is, yeah. Oh yeah, I think they probably are analyzing as well your, how you feel related to because I'm sure, I don't know if you've done plenty of zoom calls and stuff, but this just feels like another one essentially with strangers.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So when you
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: first started or maybe even now, do you still feel like you're more isolated now than you did before or?
SPEAKER_L: I would say at this point not feeling as isolated because it's like you're kind of getting used to the pattern. Um, and then also I got furloughed so I should be able to go back to that job, which is nice. And I had just started. So in essence, it's like I just hit pause, but it does feel dad, uh not as isolating because we've been doing this for so long. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Uh
SPEAKER_L: And then
SPEAKER_R: So do you think so? You buy me, there's more companies like you saw like twitter the other day so there permanently going online. Do you think that's gonna be more of a trend with businesses now or
SPEAKER_L: I think so.
SPEAKER_R: I mean that'd be different. I wonder how that's gonna work out like being virtual with all that will be having like meeting stuff in person.
SPEAKER_L: The company
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: I work for, they've been having these discussions pretty much every week for the past three weeks, once a week with everybody with the president. They talk about how post all this, there's probably going to be a shift in how they do business. So that's kind of fascinating as well. But do you think in general it's going to be a big shift of, do we need to have office space per se? I don't know. Um Well cybersecurity, you're always going to be online technically.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah but I still want it was like going forward apart like being at the office and everything like that. Um I mean even with like cybersecurity now you see like with everything about how like some people are like trying to hack into getting vaccines and all that. So there's always gonna be a need for that. Which I think in a good thing especially with cars going more electronic each day. Right?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: So where did you get a score?
SPEAKER_L: I went to school in Ohio, not us. You went to like, oh, you're just a smaller campus,
SPEAKER_R: Uh Yeah. I know you
SPEAKER_L: are you?
SPEAKER_R: don't know.
SPEAKER_L: you know, you and then
SPEAKER_R: Well mostly because of like football um they were back in the day when they used to like the N. C. Double A. Football game. That's what I played playing in some a couple of times and then I know them I think I don't know how to explain it but I know some college I watched played them before.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I don't know if they're good enough to play against tech actually. They might have been when I was there, which was about five years ago. They were doing pretty well when I was there, but that might have shifted. I think it goes in waves how good their team is. I think it's obviously based on who goes in place for that teams. And
SPEAKER_R: was marketing like your first choice and like what you wanted to do.
SPEAKER_L: not necessarily. My studies were actually focused in more of a creative photography field and I took on marketing and business and sales as sort of extra added experience. And then I ended up doing marketing because I went back home to Maryland dc area. I started working for construction firms and it wasn't really great. So I decided I would be nice to go more towards the creative side of marketing if I can. So that's why I decided to go to new york.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's pretty quick. It happened near do you think you wanna be with this company long term or is there like a company in mind that you want to work for?
SPEAKER_L: I think I would want to stay with the company for a bit because it is so the company itself as part of a larger parent company, there's quite a few different companies underneath this umbrella. I think being in the network will help me to stay within the network to I think we're just getting into the network will help. I'm hoping I can stay there for a while. Since I've also done the switch to a job every two years ago, it's common now, of course. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I think it's like a trend when things like people are staying in their jobs less and less now that you're not as big as an asset to the company is like you used to be like 10 15 years like 10 year and all that.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, angry. What other?
SPEAKER_R: Uh See was um I think things like not talk about like this current virus related
SPEAKER_L: I know.
SPEAKER_R: like everything that's in the news. Um So like what's something like your biggest interest and stuff that you like doing?
SPEAKER_L: Si since since isolation started, I actually decided to to start a podcast for
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's
SPEAKER_L: chinese adoptees specifically, so I've been that's actually taken up a lot of time, which is great because not working um but essentially interview reach out and get adopted, just talk kind of like this. So this format has become a little less intimidating talking to somebody I don't really know. Um So it's usually I'll have a meeting with somebody for an hour and then we'll schedule another time and then what record for an hour, but because we record we talked before, it's not as odd or uncomfortable. Uh
SPEAKER_R: that's pretty
SPEAKER_L: definitely, he's saying, is he? How about you? What what are your interests outside of cybersecurity and
SPEAKER_R: So yeah, before I guess before this, I mean like in college you're always like having fun doing stuff like we always have friends over at the apartment, you know? But it's normal like beer games all that. But now I've kind of got into more like reading and stuff. So I've been reading more like finance, stock market stuff because I'm like now it's like the best time to invest the stock market like the last 2030 years. So I'm learning more about that more and more about finances. Um I reached out to come in. My professors like asked like what books they recommend. So I've been doing that. I've also been going up to my apartment a couple of times, hanging out with my friends so I can get out of the house even though we're still 10 degree like a state or am I just say I'm going to my apartment if I were to get pulled over. Um been out like fishing a couple of times, kayaking, like being outdoors, hiking. Do your mcafee is not this in Virginia, It's like one of the most, so we were up there, didn't notice some guy was up there. Yeah, this is the most photographic spot on the whole Appalachian trail is what he said. So there's a spot like that we went hiking. Um Yeah, I'm not much other than that. I mean I can't, I'm looking forward to like tomorrow when we start opening back up a little bit and some restaurants started opening back up. Miss that part of being able to go out see people because each day you kind of same psyche. Wake up talk to people that confirmed you don't get like the interaction. So hopefully next semester we'll have that back. I'll be able to have like the interaction with face to face. Um Hopefully like football is a big thing about watching football so hopefully at least the NFL's back um Coming back now is like Nascar. I mean I grew up watching Nascar but it's not as fun like after. Oh wow what? You know I go it's the same thing. All right so hopefully something like that. But yeah I've been with a bunch of audio or listening to audiobooks that's kind of the thing I've been doing recently.
SPEAKER_L: so you're like sort of building up your knowledge base, which I guess this is an opportunity to do that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah even though that's in between that feel or not feel like I'm in B. I. T. And then entrepreneurship management, my second major and then finance kind of what I'm working on the sides because I can teach it online through like Youtube and all that.
SPEAKER_L: but I mean it's good, that's good. You're being very proactive I would say.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. But instead of being on Tiktok all day, even though I have my a couple minutes on Tiktok, you know, um I tried creating a couple of tic tacs but then, you know, they haven't got famous just yet.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Remember vine? And I think Tiktok is similar to vine is what I've been told. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: And then for a little bit I was kind of like us about it because they have special because they say like the security on it isn't that good. So I kinda just created like a throwaway account but I create account that can't really be linked back to me if anything was stolen from it.
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: It's kind
SPEAKER_L: interesting
SPEAKER_R: of funny but it's like this is targeted more of like towards the teenagers and it's kind of growing more and more and then there's actually some of those sound like joining onto and watching it like my mom's
SPEAKER_L: that hurt
SPEAKER_R: on it like you all the time. And I was like, so maybe it's even getting like the older people too.
SPEAKER_L: I've seen the dances, but it's like through
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: instagram, people will post the dances and it's like okay,
SPEAKER_R: huh
SPEAKER_L: that's supposed to be a thing that people are dancing,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, some of the dancers are funny like the song. Because you know, how do people even think about any of these dances? Right?
SPEAKER_L: And they're all the same to, I thought it's definitely choreographed that people are just falling in line. I think that's a behavioral thing. Humans tend to gravitate and do the same thing as a whole because I'm
SPEAKER_R: how
SPEAKER_L: finding
SPEAKER_R: did you like want to
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: start like what made you with the idea? Like your podcast? I wanted to start it
SPEAKER_L: I actually connected with another doctor who is the same age as myself and we
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: are from the same orphanage and same area, so it's kind of like it hit three different big milestones I would say, and she actually is writing a memoir, so I read some of her memoir and I was thinking oh it's really cool to read your experience, I don't really know many people's experience specifically to being a chinese adoptee, like oh well I kind of want to make something that we can share experiences as chinese adoptees and so and I really enjoy podcast, I don't know if you listen podcasts but I
SPEAKER_R: I do it in some podcast. I was actually, one of my friends are thinking about doing that, but I'm like, oh, we can't do it right now because we don't have like an idea. Like your idea is pretty good.
SPEAKER_L: oh, oh yeah, it's like you got to pick something pretty specific, that's what they say. I mean it depends as well on what your topic is and who's hosting. So I think part of it is also how you host it, a large part of it. And then I use anchor, there's an app and then make it pretty easy to make your own podcast. The caveat of that they actually have the right to your podcast and technically they own the one that I've made. Yeah. And then I'm like okay, that's interesting. But uh so I pretty much just interview adoptees by through instagram, I've reached out to people, okay, would you want to share your story? Uh and then I called it adopted debuts from china sort of the play on like A. B. CS, which is american born chinese usually. Um but I've only been doing it for about a month now and now it's like slowly picking up traction with interviewing people and because everybody I've interviewed so far, only one person I know because it was a friend of mine, everybody I've interviewed. I've essentially with strangers. So like, I don't know you what you want to talk. And
SPEAKER_R: that's pretty cool.
SPEAKER_L: since we're all stuck in a way, this is the best time to try and do that. Okay, let's go and talk. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: That's pretty cool. My mom is actually like a social worker for the state of Virginia. So she does like training programs for social workers and all that. So kind of kind of cool that there's like a week there. Mm hmm. Oh, see what so many other interests besides like the podcast that you've been doing?
SPEAKER_L: Doing a lot of fitness. So running, gotten really into yoga, which I didn't really do before but helps calm you down and breathe and what not doing yoga. Um haven't really been able to go hiking and stuff. So I'm staying with my family, my parents who are a lot older and my mom actually did have a like a non covid related health issue and she had to go to hospital. So ever since then I was like, I'm gonna not go outside as much just to make you feel a little bit more at ease because she was already nervous about everything related to the pandemic. Yeah. Do you do you have any siblings? Are you an only child or
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I have a sister, she's
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: actually
SPEAKER_L: is it?
SPEAKER_R: a take two and she finished up her first year. So um it was pretty quiet like somebody that would not like this last fall for this semester, two semesters were like last fall we were always going to get lunch and all that and then I kind of ran into a problem, well if I was like back pains but over for winter break, I found out that had this city come out of my nerves.
SPEAKER_L: Who?
SPEAKER_R: So to get back surgery right before all the elective surgery stopped. So I had that and I was already kind of before that I was already like two weeks back by myself before the isolation started. So like by the time like the second or third week I was like, I gotta get out of the house. So I went back to my apartment,
SPEAKER_L: then
SPEAKER_R: Black Square, but um one sister and then like parents are separated, so I go and see my dad every once in a while too.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. It's pretty
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: cool. Your sister's there too?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I didn't think she was gonna go there and then one day she was like, yeah, I decided I'm going to take us like, oh, that's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: Oh nice. She's
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: like you guys have that connection?
SPEAKER_R: she's doing all business as well, so it's kind of nice because we have the same classes so I can tell her what teachers to take and not take. And she actually joined the fraternity and man which is a professional business fraternity. I told her to join us because it's good for networking because there's people that I think are working for Goldman Sachs city boy KPMG Like why? Like all the big name of firms? And I was like yeah at least networks they can have that network right
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: it's off.
SPEAKER_R: Mm And also with that we get to like talk to faculty and the faculty joining. So I get to meet some really cool faculty from our school.
SPEAKER_L: That's true. And then I guess you can sort of base some of your class decisions on that too if you've met some of those faculty.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I have had one but I never had him as a teacher but he's one of our faculty initiates. And I still like talk to him and takes him regularly and ask him how he's doing. And we got lunch a couple times before this pandemic started.
SPEAKER_L: It's nice. It's good.
SPEAKER_R: Did
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: actually
SPEAKER_R: ever,
SPEAKER_L: got to meet?
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Did you ever like a professor like that when you were at school professors?
SPEAKER_L: I did I did because I did similar to what you and your sister are doing. I joined like a it wasn't a fraternity but it was like a business sales focused group um starting right away and networked and there was faculty I met through that. Uh And then I'm pretty much trying to network as much as I could because I knew that would help me. And it has but I have stayed, I stayed connected to a couple of connections I made while I was at school and like it's my younger years, not that I'm that much older, but I consider consider colleges pretty young now considering. Um and then I still stay connected to a couple of people have connected with, I'll call them every so often and just ask how they are which goes a long way actually because they might know somebody that could help you. And the job that I got in new york, I got through like a fellow alumni who had like posted in our alumni group or something about this job. And so I just for my resume is okay, I would like to work in advertising.
SPEAKER_R: trick. It's pretty cool that it was more like a like you didn't know the member was like a cold message kind of thing where you just kind of send it out. Okay, this is my resume.
SPEAKER_L: I didn't really know the person at all just like, so it was kind of like a cold message because it's like, I don't know who you are or anything, but
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: part of
SPEAKER_R: Soon.
SPEAKER_L: the I was as part of the perk was there like a referral bonus? So like referring an employee at this company you get, I think like an extra $2000 or something, which is pretty good incentive to refer people. So I was joking with this person is like, oh I mean I hit three months, Do you still get the bonus? Because I only worked for five days? I don't know how that works. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So how do you say used to like keep contact with your network? How do you keep contact? Like keeping in contact with the people in your network? Like making sure that you stay up to date with them?
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: think it varies, it's sort of like with friendships to like some people, you can
SPEAKER_R: being
SPEAKER_L: tell
SPEAKER_R: here.
SPEAKER_L: that they're better, they're more responsive through emails and are more responsive to a call. So I've just sort of learned depending on who the person is. Like every so often I might send like a linkedin message, It doesn't seem as personal, but email has been usually the most effective. Like they'll usually drop their emails like an email me here. So there's somebody I've emailed back and forth with every so often and then a couple of people who have gone to know where I've seen, I'll call them like once every, once every other month sometimes because people, people are so busy even during this time.
SPEAKER_R: It's actually my parents so their works like picked up during this time because they're not like essential, but they can go online. So they said it's more like on the phone talking and all the time like that. So uh what other tips do you say? Like can you say that you had made your college time like the best like networking wise,
SPEAKER_L: networking wise. Uh,
SPEAKER_R: Or like anything that you can think of that was really beneficial that you were learned during college.
SPEAKER_L: let's see to the questions I would say definitely diversifying your experience and exposure, which I think you are already doing like you are doing all the different activities so you're pretty much already in that line. And then also appreciating your downtime. Like you don't have to be doing something every moment. But I think the biggest takeaway really is, uh, there's any like competitions or anything, I would try to get involved with those because you become a bigger name if you're part of like a team or a group that competes in. So there's like a sales competition that I would compete in or try to get my name in there. Um, there's like an advertising group that I also like would present for, for your competition and that got my name out there too. I think if you can get your name out there a little bit more than others, that's also a benefit and you don't
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: necessarily have to win the benefit if you do what I do think that was probably what made a lot of connections stronger as well. And then also it's like, it's the closest to the real world experience you might get while you're at college because obviously the structure classes, but the, the sales competition was a pretty nice because we would be selling to like some of big companies employees of those companies. And they had a lot of networking events and I just went to like all those two. Mm Yeah, I would be honest. I don't think I really had a very good like social life at school, that's just a personal thing. So I was like and and really because I don't I don't drink personally, so that makes it a little bit different. Especially when you're trying to be social. I think that is that is very strong focus in the college culture usually.
SPEAKER_R: We actually have people in the street that dole and like we still encourage them to come out and like hang out because we're not going to force them. We're like we're just like hanging out with people. So yeah, I understand that because I mean like you said, it's kind of hard to do that and while you're like in college cause everybody's gonna take like do this and do that and then you don't know if you mess up, like I'd say you have too much drinking, you mess up and say something to do something that gets on social media that can damage your reputation. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh And the biggest thing is like there's there's going to be like beyond school. So I don't feel pressure to do anything just because everybody else is doing it. So because of life advice which don't feel pressure that do it because everybody else is doing it that's not going to Yeah. So you seem to have a pretty level perception and level head about it also don't need to worry. So what's your name by the way? I guess we can be doing
SPEAKER_R: yeah. And my name's Austin, What's your name?
SPEAKER_L: I don't care.
SPEAKER_R: Nice meeting you.
SPEAKER_L: Nice meeting in this virtual study called. I've done I've done a lot of these call uh these like studies. This is the first video thing I've ever
SPEAKER_R: that's the
SPEAKER_L: done
SPEAKER_R: first one to I came across and I was like virtually was like how are they going to do this? And then when they did not like the little message, I thought like there was no link to get like a zoom or anything, so I didn't know what they were going through.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. No this is different. This is almost better. Although I had signed up and I filled out the survey and I did do I did start a call the other night but I think the other person maybe had a technical issue. I'm not really sure but it didn't last didn't last more than 10 minutes so that we couldn't use. It was like darn it.
SPEAKER_R: Did they give you like credit for it when you try it or do they just give you another link?
SPEAKER_L: They gave me another link. So that's why. Yeah, they just gave me like another time. So like yeah your call has to be at least 25 minutes and I was like oh yeah I didn't even get there. I think it's different if if it's like the person didn't show up I put a time around for 25 minutes actually so we don't shock anymore. But essentially yeah that was pretty helpful to show it. Um the incentive
SPEAKER_R: that's good.
SPEAKER_L: for this and it was good. Mm
SPEAKER_R: definitely. It was pretty cool. It was good meeting and nice getting to know you
SPEAKER_L: Skin no you're too good luck. Sounds like you're gonna you're going to succeed.
SPEAKER_R: thank you. Hopefully you get back to your jobs and get
SPEAKER_L: Sounds
SPEAKER_R: back to new york.
SPEAKER_L: all right bye Allison.