Yeah mm. Mhm. I can't. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Come on. Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Right. What Palestinians were becoming more stark still. She peacemaking her job? She started working for the U. N. Organizing dialogue groups reaching out to Israeli jews or the most skeptical these cultural right wing religious groups. Both sides seem to be moving away from the ideals of compromise. She was raised to believe it. I found myself often very alone with the narrative that doesn't really resonate or doesn't apply to a lot of people. And then before she was supposed to give a speech to peace conference about her work like you and canceled the program, she lost her job and that's what difference. Instead of going up and being the analytical U. N. Peace building on, I started telling jokes. It was probably the best thing that I've done so much more successful. Making fun of the divide. Trying to really she got gigs all over the U. S. And a fellowship at Harvard to write her one woman show. Coexistence my ass. But she says it's about your existence. About her ass. And I don't need to be careful them. I can make fun of the juice. And then my next joke would be making fun of Palestinians. I am now not making an order confusion, making jokes in the Middle East. You never know who you're gonna move in. All the audience is known faced as a peace mr as a comedian. The crowd in the lobby of Hotel Corona. It seemed like the most. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm.
I'm good. How are you?
I think we just
kind of
randomly just talking chat. Let's see. I am located in D. C. In the U.
S.
Um I'm not sure if you're like in the US too, but I don't assume
I
am Virginia. Okay Blacksburg. Yeah. So I guess more like Maryland I would say dc to people because it's just easier. Uh Yeah but this is the first video study I've ever I have ever tried and then um adopted from china. That's usually a big singer, not from china. Two older brothers who are biological sons. I was supposed to be working in new york. However that changed a little bit. And now I'm here, are you a student? Are you graduated
your
students?
You have entered
your online.
advertising.
Um they now go by Den to McGary Bowen. It used to be just McGary Bowen and that's done to M. B. It just announced like a new name change as of yesterday believe or not.
So I actually did start I had I had I had been working professionally and then I sort of decided to like switch path. So it was like an entry level position, so it wasn't anything too complicated of course, but I did start the first week of March and I worked up till the 13th and then that's when everything sort of shut down, I'm sure.
are you, do you have a couple of years left or just one more year?
You have two years left?
that was
beginning.
jones.
nice. Yeah, so you're having a very practical, practical experience?
so you since
you're, you're
currently at tech, did you grow up in like this area or did you decide to go to tech from like another area?
It's a very odd time to, I guess maybe that's why they're doing this study
now. It
is, yeah. Oh yeah, I think they probably are analyzing as well your, how you feel related to because I'm sure, I don't know if you've done plenty of zoom calls and stuff, but this just feels like another one essentially with strangers.
What?
I would say at this point not feeling as isolated because it's like you're kind of getting used to the pattern. Um, and then also I got furloughed so I should be able to go back to that job, which is nice. And I had just started. So in essence, it's like I just hit pause, but it does feel dad, uh not as isolating because we've been doing this for so long. Yeah.
And then
I think so.
The company
I work for, they've been having these discussions pretty much every week for the past three weeks, once a week with everybody with the president. They talk about how post all this, there's probably going to be a shift in how they do business. So that's kind of fascinating as well. But do you think in general it's going to be a big shift of, do we need to have office space per se? I don't know. Um Well cybersecurity, you're always going to be online technically.
Yeah,
I went to school in Ohio, not us. You went to like, oh, you're just a smaller campus,
are you?
you know, you and then
Okay. I don't know if they're good enough to play against tech actually. They might have been when I was there, which was about five years ago. They were doing pretty well when I was there, but that might have shifted. I think it goes in waves how good their team is. I think it's obviously based on who goes in place for that teams. And
not necessarily. My studies were actually focused in more of a creative photography field and I took on marketing and business and sales as sort of extra added experience. And then I ended up doing marketing because I went back home to Maryland dc area. I started working for construction firms and it wasn't really great. So I decided I would be nice to go more towards the creative side of marketing if I can. So that's why I decided to go to new york.
I think I would want to stay with the company for a bit because it is so the company itself as part of a larger parent company, there's quite a few different companies underneath this umbrella. I think being in the network will help me to stay within the network to I think we're just getting into the network will help. I'm hoping I can stay there for a while. Since I've also done the switch to a job every two years ago, it's common now, of course. Uh
Oh yeah, angry. What other?
I know.
Si since since isolation started, I actually decided to to start a podcast for
chinese adoptees specifically, so I've been that's actually taken up a lot of time, which is great because not working um but essentially interview reach out and get adopted, just talk kind of like this. So this format has become a little less intimidating talking to somebody I don't really know. Um So it's usually I'll have a meeting with somebody for an hour and then we'll schedule another time and then what record for an hour, but because we record we talked before, it's not as odd or uncomfortable. Uh
definitely, he's saying, is he? How about you? What what are your interests outside of cybersecurity and
so you're like sort of building up your knowledge base, which I guess this is an opportunity to do that.
but I mean it's good, that's good. You're being very proactive I would say.
Mhm. Remember vine? And I think Tiktok is similar to vine is what I've been told. Okay.
I'm
interesting
that hurt
I've seen the dances, but it's like through
instagram, people will post the dances and it's like okay,
that's supposed to be a thing that people are dancing,
And they're all the same to, I thought it's definitely choreographed that people are just falling in line. I think that's a behavioral thing. Humans tend to gravitate and do the same thing as a whole because I'm
finding
and
I actually connected with another doctor who is the same age as myself and we
are from the same orphanage and same area, so it's kind of like it hit three different big milestones I would say, and she actually is writing a memoir, so I read some of her memoir and I was thinking oh it's really cool to read your experience, I don't really know many people's experience specifically to being a chinese adoptee, like oh well I kind of want to make something that we can share experiences as chinese adoptees and so and I really enjoy podcast, I don't know if you listen podcasts but I
oh, oh yeah, it's like you got to pick something pretty specific, that's what they say. I mean it depends as well on what your topic is and who's hosting. So I think part of it is also how you host it, a large part of it. And then I use anchor, there's an app and then make it pretty easy to make your own podcast. The caveat of that they actually have the right to your podcast and technically they own the one that I've made. Yeah. And then I'm like okay, that's interesting. But uh so I pretty much just interview adoptees by through instagram, I've reached out to people, okay, would you want to share your story? Uh and then I called it adopted debuts from china sort of the play on like A. B. CS, which is american born chinese usually. Um but I've only been doing it for about a month now and now it's like slowly picking up traction with interviewing people and because everybody I've interviewed so far, only one person I know because it was a friend of mine, everybody I've interviewed. I've essentially with strangers. So like, I don't know you what you want to talk. And
since we're all stuck in a way, this is the best time to try and do that. Okay, let's go and talk. Uh huh.
Doing a lot of fitness. So running, gotten really into yoga, which I didn't really do before but helps calm you down and breathe and what not doing yoga. Um haven't really been able to go hiking and stuff. So I'm staying with my family, my parents who are a lot older and my mom actually did have a like a non covid related health issue and she had to go to hospital. So ever since then I was like, I'm gonna not go outside as much just to make you feel a little bit more at ease because she was already nervous about everything related to the pandemic. Yeah. Do you do you have any siblings? Are you an only child or
this
is it?
Who?
then
Mhm. It's pretty
cool. Your sister's there too?
Oh nice. She's
like you guys have that connection?
yeah,
it's off.
That's true. And then I guess you can sort of base some of your class decisions on that too if you've met some of those faculty.
It's nice. It's good.
You
actually
got to meet?
I did I did because I did similar to what you and your sister are doing. I joined like a it wasn't a fraternity but it was like a business sales focused group um starting right away and networked and there was faculty I met through that. Uh And then I'm pretty much trying to network as much as I could because I knew that would help me. And it has but I have stayed, I stayed connected to a couple of connections I made while I was at school and like it's my younger years, not that I'm that much older, but I consider consider colleges pretty young now considering. Um and then I still stay connected to a couple of people have connected with, I'll call them every so often and just ask how they are which goes a long way actually because they might know somebody that could help you. And the job that I got in new york, I got through like a fellow alumni who had like posted in our alumni group or something about this job. And so I just for my resume is okay, I would like to work in advertising.
I didn't really know the person at all just like, so it was kind of like a cold message because it's like, I don't know who you are or anything, but
part of
the I was as part of the perk was there like a referral bonus? So like referring an employee at this company you get, I think like an extra $2000 or something, which is pretty good incentive to refer people. So I was joking with this person is like, oh I mean I hit three months, Do you still get the bonus? Because I only worked for five days? I don't know how that works. Yeah.
I
think it varies, it's sort of like with friendships to like some people, you can
tell
that they're better, they're more responsive through emails and are more responsive to a call. So I've just sort of learned depending on who the person is. Like every so often I might send like a linkedin message, It doesn't seem as personal, but email has been usually the most effective. Like they'll usually drop their emails like an email me here. So there's somebody I've emailed back and forth with every so often and then a couple of people who have gone to know where I've seen, I'll call them like once every, once every other month sometimes because people, people are so busy even during this time.
networking wise. Uh,
let's see to the questions I would say definitely diversifying your experience and exposure, which I think you are already doing like you are doing all the different activities so you're pretty much already in that line. And then also appreciating your downtime. Like you don't have to be doing something every moment. But I think the biggest takeaway really is, uh, there's any like competitions or anything, I would try to get involved with those because you become a bigger name if you're part of like a team or a group that competes in. So there's like a sales competition that I would compete in or try to get my name in there. Um, there's like an advertising group that I also like would present for, for your competition and that got my name out there too. I think if you can get your name out there a little bit more than others, that's also a benefit and you don't
necessarily have to win the benefit if you do what I do think that was probably what made a lot of connections stronger as well. And then also it's like, it's the closest to the real world experience you might get while you're at college because obviously the structure classes, but the, the sales competition was a pretty nice because we would be selling to like some of big companies employees of those companies. And they had a lot of networking events and I just went to like all those two. Mm Yeah, I would be honest. I don't think I really had a very good like social life at school, that's just a personal thing. So I was like and and really because I don't I don't drink personally, so that makes it a little bit different. Especially when you're trying to be social. I think that is that is very strong focus in the college culture usually.
Uh And the biggest thing is like there's there's going to be like beyond school. So I don't feel pressure to do anything just because everybody else is doing it. So because of life advice which don't feel pressure that do it because everybody else is doing it that's not going to Yeah. So you seem to have a pretty level perception and level head about it also don't need to worry. So what's your name by the way? I guess we can be doing
I don't care.
Nice meeting in this virtual study called. I've done I've done a lot of these call uh these like studies. This is the first video thing I've ever
done
Mhm. Yeah. No this is different. This is almost better. Although I had signed up and I filled out the survey and I did do I did start a call the other night but I think the other person maybe had a technical issue. I'm not really sure but it didn't last didn't last more than 10 minutes so that we couldn't use. It was like darn it.
They gave me another link. So that's why. Yeah, they just gave me like another time. So like yeah your call has to be at least 25 minutes and I was like oh yeah I didn't even get there. I think it's different if if it's like the person didn't show up I put a time around for 25 minutes actually so we don't shock anymore. But essentially yeah that was pretty helpful to show it. Um the incentive
for this and it was good. Mm
Skin no you're too good luck. Sounds like you're gonna you're going to succeed.
Sounds
all right bye Allison.