Hey, can you hear me? How you doing today?
I'm doing well so yeah I don't know much about like the topics or anything so just tell me a little bit about yourself. Think
of the nervous
system.
and
then
yeah I'm in the virgin, I'm in Virginia as well, I'm
in Blacksburg.
I'm a student.
I'm a student
right now at taken. I was I was supposed to go down to north Carolina for internship but that went online instead.
All
yeah so most of its and through cyber security so I can do most this up online. Um luckily it's not like engineering or anything where tams on. Um So what was your work in new york going to be?
Oh what was the agency you can be working for?
Did they push back your start data? What happened?
Yeah. Yeah it's kind of um swiss school and everything like that. That's also kind of on our mind and stuff to at least mine like what am I gonna be able to do online and stuff? Because all my classes were different this semester because the big problem not for like my university, but there's some universities that have like people going on check and stuff for their test, so I don't know how they're gonna do that next semester and all that, but
I have two years left.
Yeah because I'm going to my junior year so I'm looking forward to that. Um And then hopefully after this syndrome chip will have one in Arlington with the void hopefully so
in that
area I'll be up in northern Virginia because I like my roommates actually from that area. Mhm. Um But yeah, so I kind of got into cybersecurity when
I came out with a new major in business with that, so I joined into that um that's when my internship is going to be in with with like train technologies, so I'm looking forward to um doing that. Actually just took a marketing class last month, but that's pretty interesting. Yeah.
Yeah, that's one thing I like about like pampas teachers and all that bunch of their teachers are like knowledgeable in the field, they've actually done instead of just warning from the textbook.
Excuse
me.
Yeah, I grew up in Virginia and then I visited them for some football games and I was like oh I gotta go to these football games, so that's how I went and I mean hopefully um we got to have the next mustard, but it's not looking too good right now because I have a friend that's working for the team for recruiting and he says they're thinking about maybe pushing it to spring or having to cancel it altogether. Yeah.
Yeah, let's see that. This is like my first on one study too and I was like, oh this is kind of different. So I'm wondering if they're kind of saying like if that's like all we talk about or um Yeah, but I mean it's kind of like the forefront of everything because I mean for me, I didn't watch the news not much until like this in the new york every day. Like what's the new even that's like the same thing each day.
Perfect.
Yeah. So when you
first started or maybe even now, do you still feel like you're more isolated now than you did before or?
Uh
So do you think so? You buy me, there's more companies like you saw like twitter the other day so there permanently going online. Do you think that's gonna be more of a trend with businesses now or
I mean that'd be different. I wonder how that's gonna work out like being virtual with all that will be having like meeting stuff in person.
No
Yeah but I still want it was like going forward apart like being at the office and everything like that. Um I mean even with like cybersecurity now you see like with everything about how like some people are like trying to hack into getting vaccines and all that. So there's always gonna be a need for that. Which I think in a good thing especially with cars going more electronic each day. Right?
So where did you get a score?
Uh Yeah. I know you
don't know.
Well mostly because of like football um they were back in the day when they used to like the N. C. Double A. Football game. That's what I played playing in some a couple of times and then I know them I think I don't know how to explain it but I know some college I watched played them before.
was marketing like your first choice and like what you wanted to do.
Yeah it's pretty quick. It happened near do you think you wanna be with this company long term or is there like a company in mind that you want to work for?
Yeah I think it's like a trend when things like people are staying in their jobs less and less now that you're not as big as an asset to the company is like you used to be like 10 15 years like 10 year and all that.
Uh See was um I think things like not talk about like this current virus related
like everything that's in the news. Um So like what's something like your biggest interest and stuff that you like doing?
Oh, that's
that's pretty
So yeah, before I guess before this, I mean like in college you're always like having fun doing stuff like we always have friends over at the apartment, you know? But it's normal like beer games all that. But now I've kind of got into more like reading and stuff. So I've been reading more like finance, stock market stuff because I'm like now it's like the best time to invest the stock market like the last 2030 years. So I'm learning more about that more and more about finances. Um I reached out to come in. My professors like asked like what books they recommend. So I've been doing that. I've also been going up to my apartment a couple of times, hanging out with my friends so I can get out of the house even though we're still 10 degree like a state or am I just say I'm going to my apartment if I were to get pulled over. Um been out like fishing a couple of times, kayaking, like being outdoors, hiking. Do your mcafee is not this in Virginia, It's like one of the most, so we were up there, didn't notice some guy was up there. Yeah, this is the most photographic spot on the whole Appalachian trail is what he said. So there's a spot like that we went hiking. Um Yeah, I'm not much other than that. I mean I can't, I'm looking forward to like tomorrow when we start opening back up a little bit and some restaurants started opening back up. Miss that part of being able to go out see people because each day you kind of same psyche. Wake up talk to people that confirmed you don't get like the interaction. So hopefully next semester we'll have that back. I'll be able to have like the interaction with face to face. Um Hopefully like football is a big thing about watching football so hopefully at least the NFL's back um Coming back now is like Nascar. I mean I grew up watching Nascar but it's not as fun like after. Oh wow what? You know I go it's the same thing. All right so hopefully something like that. But yeah I've been with a bunch of audio or listening to audiobooks that's kind of the thing I've been doing recently.
Yeah even though that's in between that feel or not feel like I'm in B. I. T. And then entrepreneurship management, my second major and then finance kind of what I'm working on the sides because I can teach it online through like Youtube and all that.
Yeah. But instead of being on Tiktok all day, even though I have my a couple minutes on Tiktok, you know, um I tried creating a couple of tic tacs but then, you know, they haven't got famous just yet.
And then for a little bit I was kind of like us about it because they have special because they say like the security on it isn't that good. So I kinda just created like a throwaway account but I create account that can't really be linked back to me if anything was stolen from it.
It's kind
of funny but it's like this is targeted more of like towards the teenagers and it's kind of growing more and more and then there's actually some of those sound like joining onto and watching it like my mom's
on it like you all the time. And I was like, so maybe it's even getting like the older people too.
And
huh
Yeah, some of the dancers are funny like the song. Because you know, how do people even think about any of these dances? Right?
how
did you like want to
start like what made you with the idea? Like your podcast? I wanted to start it
and
I do it in some podcast. I was actually, one of my friends are thinking about doing that, but I'm like, oh, we can't do it right now because we don't have like an idea. Like your idea is pretty good.
that's pretty cool.
That's pretty cool. My mom is actually like a social worker for the state of Virginia. So she does like training programs for social workers and all that. So kind of kind of cool that there's like a week there. Mm hmm. Oh, see what so many other interests besides like the podcast that you've been doing?
Yeah, I have a sister, she's
actually
a take two and she finished up her first year. So um it was pretty quiet like somebody that would not like this last fall for this semester, two semesters were like last fall we were always going to get lunch and all that and then I kind of ran into a problem, well if I was like back pains but over for winter break, I found out that had this city come out of my nerves.
So to get back surgery right before all the elective surgery stopped. So I had that and I was already kind of before that I was already like two weeks back by myself before the isolation started. So like by the time like the second or third week I was like, I gotta get out of the house. So I went back to my apartment,
Black Square, but um one sister and then like parents are separated, so I go and see my dad every once in a while too.
But
yeah, I didn't think she was gonna go there and then one day she was like, yeah, I decided I'm going to take us like, oh, that's awesome.
So
she's doing all business as well, so it's kind of nice because we have the same classes so I can tell her what teachers to take and not take. And she actually joined the fraternity and man which is a professional business fraternity. I told her to join us because it's good for networking because there's people that I think are working for Goldman Sachs city boy KPMG Like why? Like all the big name of firms? And I was like yeah at least networks they can have that network right
there.
Mm And also with that we get to like talk to faculty and the faculty joining. So I get to meet some really cool faculty from our school.
Yeah. I have had one but I never had him as a teacher but he's one of our faculty initiates. And I still like talk to him and takes him regularly and ask him how he's doing. And we got lunch a couple times before this pandemic started.
Did
you
ever,
yeah. Did you ever like a professor like that when you were at school professors?
trick. It's pretty cool that it was more like a like you didn't know the member was like a cold message kind of thing where you just kind of send it out. Okay, this is my resume.
That's
Soon.
So how do you say used to like keep contact with your network? How do you keep contact? Like keeping in contact with the people in your network? Like making sure that you stay up to date with them?
All
being
here.
It's actually my parents so their works like picked up during this time because they're not like essential, but they can go online. So they said it's more like on the phone talking and all the time like that. So uh what other tips do you say? Like can you say that you had made your college time like the best like networking wise,
Or like anything that you can think of that was really beneficial that you were learned during college.
And
We actually have people in the street that dole and like we still encourage them to come out and like hang out because we're not going to force them. We're like we're just like hanging out with people. So yeah, I understand that because I mean like you said, it's kind of hard to do that and while you're like in college cause everybody's gonna take like do this and do that and then you don't know if you mess up, like I'd say you have too much drinking, you mess up and say something to do something that gets on social media that can damage your reputation. Yeah.
yeah. And my name's Austin, What's your name?
Nice meeting you.
that's the
first one to I came across and I was like virtually was like how are they going to do this? And then when they did not like the little message, I thought like there was no link to get like a zoom or anything, so I didn't know what they were going through.
Did they give you like credit for it when you try it or do they just give you another link?
that's good.
definitely. It was pretty cool. It was good meeting and nice getting to know you
thank you. Hopefully you get back to your jobs and get
back to new york.