SPEAKER_L: Hi there.
SPEAKER_R: Can you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: Yes, I can hear you have like can you hear me?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I mean just just my volume here. Yeah. Yeah so do you do you know um are they going to give us a topic or something that we're supposed to do?
SPEAKER_L: So I had read in one of the emails that you can either do free form conversation or they can give you something but I don't think that they gave us something in particular so I think we're supposed to be a free form conversation.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Um So what what do you what do you want to do? Do you want to like do you want to?
SPEAKER_L: I just found some like conversation starter things that I
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: thought yeah
SPEAKER_R: You're prepared.
SPEAKER_L: I'm a nervous person so yeah like to be prepared um So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: as much as you would like to, how about we tell each other a little bit about ourselves, obviously what you're comfortable with?
SPEAKER_R: Sure yeah my name is josh and I uh I own I mean I run my own business um I started it like I guess um Like a long time ago like almost 13 years ago but it's only really been like a company for like nine years. Um And uh So that's what I do and um I normally live in Florida but right now I'm sort of stuck in Missouri because of the whole TV 19 thing. Um And I don't know I guess I like to run and uh like normally I like sports but I can't do that earlier right now
SPEAKER_L: Sports is yeah hard right now.
SPEAKER_R: so um, I guess that's, I don't know. That's, that's what about
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: you?
SPEAKER_L: new and dutch shell. Sure. Yeah, so I work in a bank and um I live in the midwest so I'm pretty familiar with Missouri, I'm sorry you're stuck in Missouri. Um
SPEAKER_R: I don't mean, I mean, I'm from the midwest. I don't think it's bad. I just, you know, it's just weird to be, the whole thing is weird right now.
SPEAKER_L: Oh it's absolutely weird right now. Um My husband is actually from southern Illinois so um we we go back down there pretty frequently I
SPEAKER_R: Is that like
SPEAKER_L: think.
SPEAKER_R: carbon Bill?
SPEAKER_L: Um Do you know where Alton is?
SPEAKER_R: Um, is that north of Carbondale? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's not too far from ST louis actually, so um down in that area we are favorite fact about Missouri is that you don't have to have driver's ed to get a driver's license there, so we use that as an excuse for a lot of the driving that you see around ST louis.
SPEAKER_R: You mean like going to driving classes? Like? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: once you're 18 you don't have to have any formal training, you just have to go pass the test. Um I let me see, I really only enjoy one sport. I am a huge uh football fan so I'm excited and anxious to see what ends up happening with the NFL next year. But
SPEAKER_R: So you're a pro football fan?
SPEAKER_L: yes, yeah, I'd
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: like to get into college but I never have, so it's just pro football for
SPEAKER_R: college
SPEAKER_L: me,
SPEAKER_R: is a big time commitment.
SPEAKER_L: it is like the NFL season and fantasy is already a big enough time commitment for me. Like I'll just enjoy the players when they get to the NFL um
SPEAKER_R: So what team do you like? I like the NFL
SPEAKER_L: Okay, so I'm uh I'm a Vikings fan. Yeah. Yes,
SPEAKER_R: so they're pretty, they've been pretty good the last couple of years.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I mean we've had to struggle um and obviously we still have no super bowls a long time running joke, so I'm very hopeful. It's it's always next year, but you know, we made it pretty, we made it into the playoffs and didn't go out in the first round this last year, so
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: thanks.
SPEAKER_R: are the, what are the strengths and weaknesses for the Vikings this year?
SPEAKER_L: Um So the O line is typically like a recurring nightmare and has been for quite a few years and I, you know, I believe we've made some good moves in the draft to uh to bolster that, but you know, it just always remains to be seen.
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: So,
SPEAKER_R: draft picks? Did they spend an offensive lineman? Do you know?
SPEAKER_L: oh, I can't remember
SPEAKER_R: Was
SPEAKER_L: off
SPEAKER_R: it a high
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: tech
SPEAKER_L: top
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: low
SPEAKER_L: my head.
SPEAKER_R: or medium
SPEAKER_L: I believe
SPEAKER_R: picks?
SPEAKER_L: their third round picks, they got a couple offensive lineman and they intend to I believe move some pieces around. But yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Those
SPEAKER_L: we'll have
SPEAKER_R: are more
SPEAKER_L: to see
SPEAKER_R: like, usually third round is more like uh backup of potential starters. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think it's more potential sort of things and then yeah, exactly because the depth is always a problem that you know if you have one person out and you're online and you move things around your weaker and if you don't have the depth behind that, which has been a problem like every year. So um yeah, I don't know. I'm always always optimistic at the beginning of the season. How about you? Who's your team?
SPEAKER_R: Um Well I sort of, um, I like it because um, well I used to like learn from like leaders and executives by listening to uh public earnings calls, but then I sort of discovered that um, you were listening to like, particularly like Bill Belichick because you know, he's so successful and he knows so much about different parts of the game. So I just started listening to his conferences because there are way more of those than there were earnings calls for any particular company. Um,
SPEAKER_L: interesting.
SPEAKER_R: and uh, so, and so I started, so then I started paying attention to the patriots and I just root for the patriots because I just like the hear what Bill Belichick would say whether win or lose or something. I think his outlook is really good. Um, so I'm still a patriots fan. I probably will watch the bronco, I mean not the broncos, but the buccaneers
SPEAKER_L: Bad news.
SPEAKER_R: a little bit more. Um well I've really never watched them for us. It's gonna be a lot more fun to watch them one game. Um
SPEAKER_L: infinitely more.
SPEAKER_R: right, so, and they seem like they have, they might have an interesting team with, you know, some of a lot better because they really didn't have anyone that was that he was happy with last year to throw to. So now they have like two guys who I think were pro bowlers. Um, so, um yeah, that could be interesting, but mostly I just like, you know, Bill Belichick just knows so much about the history of the game and he knows like every position coach, what they're supposed to do and like every player and so, you know, I just learned so much from so I just listened to those when I don't understand something, I look it up when I read a book it's just like a little
SPEAKER_L: His
SPEAKER_R: hobby.
SPEAKER_L: technical knowledge is just like absolute best in the league. Um And it's interesting, didn't I? I mean I don't follow super well um every team but um Bill Belichick never really played football, did he?
SPEAKER_R: he played in college, he went to uh Wesleyan Wellesley in college. Uh
SPEAKER_L: there's a couple of Ohio Wesleyan Illinois wesleyan. There's a couple.
SPEAKER_R: um Yeah I'm not sure which one it was but yeah he went and he played center um on which I think they're not they're not the one I think they're like D. Two or something or. Um and they said you know his coaches like loved him because he was like he never made the wrong call for for protection and stuff like that. So yeah he was a center but he was you know he's such a small guy that you know he was never like a big time but you know he played rugby which he also loves and he played center
SPEAKER_L: interesting.
SPEAKER_R: um Yeah and his his one of his kids as a coach and his team and another one of those kids as a rugby coach. Like his daughter is like rugby coach or something like that.
SPEAKER_L: Oh interesting, very cool. I love that the family lines that tend to go through football so I know that's pretty true for the Vikings, to the Vikings coach. Mike Zimmer's son is um now the what the defensive coordinator and um yeah there's there's quite a bit of the family ties in football.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that is it is. I don't know exactly why that is, but there is a lot of that. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: I think for the Vikings we I anticipated being a good thing but I've loved Mike Zimmer as a head coach so I
SPEAKER_R: Does
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: he
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: come from the defensive side of the wall?
SPEAKER_L: he is he's one of one of the most successful um defensive coordinators turned head coaches which sometimes is a good thing. Sometimes it's a bad thing because he hasn't really let very many people take over the defensive side of the team. So he's still um, like up through last year was still play calling the defense. So it's really hard to put a defensive coordinator in that position and say like, yeah, this is yours, but I'm going to do it. Um,
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: so,
SPEAKER_R: It's hard to get you know prestige or get paid more when you're not doing everything.
SPEAKER_L: right. Yeah, exactly. Whereas, you know, he would leave a lot of the offense to the offensive coordinator.
SPEAKER_R: Was he that what where was he the defensive coordinator before he was the coach remember?
SPEAKER_L: Oh, okay. So off the top of my head, I want to say, oh, oh, I can't remember right now. I know he's worked for Cleveland. I know that he had been in texas. I can't remember exactly where he was before, the Vikings.
SPEAKER_R: I'm gonna look it up. I'm just curious defense
SPEAKER_L: I want to say
SPEAKER_R: coordinator
SPEAKER_L: it's actually
SPEAKER_R: for the
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: Bangles
SPEAKER_L: Bangles.
SPEAKER_R: Falcons and the cowboys. Yeah. You had a right
SPEAKER_L: yeah. So yeah, I I think, you know, I just love the way that he he seems like a very authentic person and he doesn't tend to pull a lot of his punches. Uh, he's I think he's done a lot of good here in Minnesota and yeah, after, you know, some of the other coaches that we've had bread Children's years. No, but
SPEAKER_R: um Yeah and you guys have had a really good defense. Did you still have a good defense last year? Last year was like a little of a flu
SPEAKER_L: we did
SPEAKER_R: craig?
SPEAKER_L: take a step back some last year and I, you know, next year really hard to say because we've lost a lot of pieces, like, um, you know, we have Linval joseph who is no longer going to be a viking and um, a couple couple star pieces, Xavier Rhodes no longer going to be a viking, although Xavier took a huge step back this year. So, um, let's
SPEAKER_R: And they,
SPEAKER_L: see,
SPEAKER_R: and you traded like a wide receiver? You traded digs, didn't you?
SPEAKER_L: yes, we did trade digs, but
SPEAKER_R: How
SPEAKER_L: then we
SPEAKER_R: do you
SPEAKER_L: drafted
SPEAKER_R: feel about that?
SPEAKER_L: a wide receiver in the first or second. You know, I love digs and I will always
SPEAKER_R: Hey.
SPEAKER_L: love digs for the Minneapolis miracle. Like I think any Minnesota fan, but this last year there were some problems. He missed some practices for, um, attitude issues it seems and he he was having a little bit of trouble. Um not playing as much of a team player, it seems. So you know, we drafted a wide receiver of course one with knee problems, which not always a great thing, but I'm excited. I mean we have adam feelin, we have um Kyle Rudolph, who I think is is a better tight end than he gets credit for. So like I said, I'm always optimistic at the beginning of the season. Delvin Cook, We'll see if he can have a year without injuries, you know, on the offensive side. I'm not super worried.
SPEAKER_R: So what's your strategy for fantasy? Because I don't usually play fantasy, but how decided you, how do you approach
SPEAKER_L: My
SPEAKER_R: it?
SPEAKER_L: biggest priority is always to beat my husband. Um That's that's number one. Um I tend to follow Vikings players better than any other team, but my overall strategy is to not draft them because if your real team is having a disappointing season and you've drafted your favorite players then your fantasy team
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: is gonna have a disappointing
SPEAKER_R: favor
SPEAKER_L: season.
SPEAKER_R: diversification
SPEAKER_L: Two.
SPEAKER_R: of your enjoyment? Yes.
SPEAKER_L: Right? Exactly. And that gives you something to watch other games. Like we like to we have a good friend that lives near us and he's a Saints fan so like we like to get together and watch games together through most of sunday. Um So it gives you something to root for in the other games. I tend to I tend to try to do some research but not a ton because they don't want to invest in a bunch of time into it. We don't tend to fly for large amounts of money. My husband has like one Uh league that he plays, it's like $200 and that one he puts quite a bit of effort into but like we're like a $5 buy in and it's just for fun so I don't tend to put a lot into it other than I will never draft Aaron Rodgers. That's just
SPEAKER_R: Because because he beats the Vikings.
SPEAKER_L: no because he's a packer and actually he's only won once in U. S. Bank Stadium so. But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well, that's a good enough reason right there.
SPEAKER_L: yeah he's one once. It had one broken collarbone so. Uh
SPEAKER_R: he's he's broken his collarbone a couple of times, right?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah well the Anthony Barr tackled him at the I don't remember that was the first year in the in the bank
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: or
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: the second
SPEAKER_R: that was
SPEAKER_L: year.
SPEAKER_R: the Vikings game when I did that. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and then it resulted in the rule about not driving the quarterback into the ground with your full body weight so.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I didn't know that. That came out of the collar brown thing.
SPEAKER_L: Well you know they never said it explicitly but like online you'll hear referred to as Aaron Rodgers rule pretty frequently.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, that makes sense. I mean, he brings so many people to the stadium and stuff like that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It's in the best interests of the NFL to get players like Aaron Rodgers and tom brady and the game as much as they can. So so you said you are a business owner, are things okay right now or things not so good for your business?
SPEAKER_R: No, it's ok. I don't um um I work in finance so um and um like trading so we we can make money when when things go um you know, down as much as when they grow up so and we're all, I mean everything we do is always pretty much can be remote really easily.
SPEAKER_L: Good,
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: good, good,
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: a, how about you? Has it been a big adjustment?
SPEAKER_L: Um Yes and no for for me personally, um So I work in a branch at a bank and um we've been working quite a bit on the paycheck protection program so um yeah, like a lot of my days right now are they're getting it's getting better because there's still enough funds and this time the funds didn't run out so quickly so um that definitely made it better. But there were a couple bad weeks in there where I would have business
SPEAKER_R: Were people
SPEAKER_L: owners
SPEAKER_R: freaking
SPEAKER_L: calling
SPEAKER_R: out?
SPEAKER_L: and Oh yeah, I mean just panic and and and having tough decisions to make, which I don't envy whatsoever. You know, I had one person who didn't get in in the first round of funding and he called and he said, what's the likelihood that I'm going to get in in the second? And I was like, I have, I have no way to tell you, I have absolutely no idea. It was a mad rush for the money the first time and it could be the second time and he was like, well I need to decide if I'm laying off my employees and I was like, I can't make that decision for you and I can tell you that I think you should or shouldn't, like I, you know, I'm sorry you're in that position and this is all terrible. Um and it did end up working out for the better for that person. They were able to get funding in this second round. Um
SPEAKER_R: What kind of business was that?
SPEAKER_L: They work in speech therapy, so
SPEAKER_R: So that's pretty much, you probably can do some of that remote but
SPEAKER_L: they were doing some remote, but it tends to be more difficult because you don't think about it unless you've ever had problems with speech. A lot of it is physical and like showing people and touching on your face like your tongue needs to be up here at the front of your mouth and things like
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: lose a lot and we
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, especially if you're working with young Children, you know, if you're trying to work with a three year old on zoom, good luck. But I I think this uh it's definitely been an interesting time. I think people have been able to try new things and work different ways and see, you know, be really creative about how they can get their business done, but you know, they're they're going to be a lot of far reaching effects that we haven't felt yet for a lot of our businesses.
SPEAKER_R: what do you normally do in the bank? Are you normally process like loans applications?
SPEAKER_L: No, no, that's just started well in some ways I don't normally work with businesses in particular. I normally work with consumers, you know, everybody. Um I'm a branch manager so I'm primarily focused on my branches revenue and teaching and training my employees to be revenue producing and good with the customer service. Um But in the last couple of weeks, uh my business banker quit about a week before the covid shutdown started here. So um after that the management on the business side were like well Danny you have experience in this. I used to do business lending so um there like here you go, take it over. So
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: is your branch closed? Are you going to reopen your branch?
SPEAKER_L: we are, we're mostly close, we can take appointments um and we have our drive through open for teller transactions, but our overall transaction volume account openings, loans are down significantly. Um So the PVP program is going to be really good for us because the branch will, the bank as a whole is guaranteed to make a certain amount on every loan that they process. So you know, the financials will look good at the end of this quarter, but it's kind of, it's not as much organic growth because you know, we don't have customers coming in. So
SPEAKER_R: Right, right. But eventually that you will just
SPEAKER_L: eventually
SPEAKER_R: do you,
SPEAKER_L: that will come back.
SPEAKER_R: so if you're the branch manager and you have tellers do used to go into the facility and like managed to the
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: tellers and
SPEAKER_L: do,
SPEAKER_R: stuff,
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Um There was, I worked from home for about six or seven days um when we're kind of like a high risk time. But in general my staff does better if I'm there. Um I have kind of a younger staff or newer to this industry. So they they just do better if I'm very easily accessible.
SPEAKER_R: so do you do you just like yell at them, so you're always far away from them and you have walkie
SPEAKER_L: There's
SPEAKER_R: talkies or something?
SPEAKER_L: a little bit about sometimes we yell from my side of the office over there. Sometimes they call me. Um It's a little bit funny their personalities dictate that. So I have one banker who will always call me um on the phone even though I could definitely hear her if she just talked a little louder and then I have another one who will just yell until I hear her. So I think kind of depends on the person,
SPEAKER_R: So when when you guys open back up are you going to have like you know uh those like tape on the floor and stuff like that that they have some places?
SPEAKER_L: you know, I don't know yet. We haven't started having those conversations, I think they're going to be fairly conservative about when we do start opening up, we're not requiring anyone to wear masks were not required to in our state. We I do have tape on the floor right now for my employees. Um So like in your area this is six ft. Um When we do have appointments, we don't take them in our offices because there's not usually six ft between your chair and the client chair. We usually hold them in a boardroom or conference room. Um So there are some modifications that we've made, but so far we've been pretty lucky very few people in uh in my bank in my region have been sick and those that have usually has been related to travel, one went to New York like april something. So yeah, yeah, she came back and she was like, oh yeah, I'm covid positive and I had to be home for two weeks. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I saw a picture over the weekend of someone uh it was I think it was a doctor who flew to new york to help the you know there was a bunch of doctors who flew there and the um so I guess the airline stopped enforcing the policy of having middle seats that had to be open, so it was just packed with people. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And they did change how they wouldn't admit that they changed it, but they did say that basically it's it's only if the seat, the plane isn't fold, just like, you know, it normally would be. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Which,
SPEAKER_R: And I sort
SPEAKER_L: you know,
SPEAKER_R: of understand
SPEAKER_L: it's hard,
SPEAKER_R: because you know, who wants to pay, you know, twice as much or three times as much for a ticket or they're going to lose that much money because usually they don't make that much per flight anyways. So
SPEAKER_L: Right. They to be profitable, they have to pack the planes and right now they're not to put, you know, I get it, I get it from both sides from both the consumer, like I don't want to risk my health, but I still need to take this flight and from the business perspective because they have to make money. Yeah, I I saw that picture to um and we're actually going to be flying, we have a flight to ST louis um Uh later in June and it was going to be a direct flight and it's no longer a direct flight now, it's going to have a stop and it's going to be several hours longer because delta has consolidated and they're not going to about 10 different cities now. Um So yeah, we were not thrilled about that, but at the same time, I get it, you
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: actually could be better because you'll have less prolonged time because each of the flights will be shorter. So, and that's really where you're going to get is the one that air recirculate. So are you
SPEAKER_L: they're
SPEAKER_R: going to
SPEAKER_L: requiring,
SPEAKER_R: get like, Are you going to get like an N- 95 mask or some kind of special respirator or something?
SPEAKER_L: They're requiring you to wear a mask of some kind. Um I had, and 95 at work, we actually had a pandemic kits. Um but
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: when things were really bad for the health care providers, we went and donated all over and 95 to a local clinic. So now I'm kind of like, uh I should have kept to one or two of those, but
SPEAKER_R: well june
SPEAKER_L: I.
SPEAKER_R: you might be able to get, there might be more of them around. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Exactly. Yeah. That's kind of weird I think, you know, I'm not super concerned for us, I'm not in a high risk demographic, but then again we are going to see people who are in high risk demographics, so it's kind of a balance between being protective of them and also, you know, not super concerned for myself,
SPEAKER_R: The only
SPEAKER_L: but.
SPEAKER_R: time I ever got sick was on airplanes or in movie theaters, just like it was a normal thing. So I would always cover my mouth on airplanes if I did. And sometimes when I forgot or if I fell asleep I would get a cold or something. Like it was almost
SPEAKER_L: good news.
SPEAKER_R: so, you know, I just, I mean it's the same thing. It's just this. So yeah, I'm going to get like a heavy duty mask or something like that. Just,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No, it's not a bad idea at all, you know, and now that you say that there are certain times like um I had a 14 hour flight to Paris um a few years back and I got super sick like three days after that flight. So I definitely have been there to that. Like it's a Germ factory, No, two ways about it. And on that one I think it was like an 11-hour flight maybe a little bit more. It was
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: nah.
SPEAKER_R: really just who's on there. You just, I just, I just start hearing people cough and that's my associated because I've flown, I used to have to fly for work and I flew like a lot and so I just became super conscious of it. And also because it sucks when you're sick to fly, so if you get sick and then you have to fly, that even sucks worse. And So but I mean um I saw like some kind of a sort of study where they're figuring out you know who infected who and one of them was from a restaurant where people want to a thing and it was they got a map of the restaurant and it and it seems like it's not 100% but the people who got infected, where's the ones sitting on me at the vents in the ceiling. Yeah because they were getting the strongest dose of whatever was being circulated. Yeah. So. Yeah. I don't know just just and it's it's just no different but just because then you could get it and if you are asymptomatic and then you don't you just never know then you could just be giving its people for days or longer
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think that's one of the things about this, the whole covid thing that concerns me the most is that there's a certain percentage of people who are either asymptomatic or presymptomatic and may never get a fever. And you know, you might like I have allergies really badly. I might just think that it's allergies and turns out it wasn't and then I could get somebody else severely sick. So yeah, no good. But for me I you know my day to day life hasn't changed almost at all and I think I'm I'm thankful for that because I still get to go to work, I still get to do what I love and I still get to leave the house every day. My husband's not so fortunate, he's like trapped at home.
SPEAKER_R: do. Um. Uh Is there still like uh is there is there a whole bunch of like um businesses and stuff like applying for like extra credit lines and things like that? In addition
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: to,
SPEAKER_L: started to slow down some and we were still doing some for sure right now a lot of it right now is more so the just working on the existing things that they have. So you know if people have mortgages and loans and credit obligations that we can defer for a while, we've been working on a lot of that right now, still were in the in the still in the phases of the TPP program, but and that's starting to come to an end.
SPEAKER_R: so does does the bank you work for it? Do you serve service your own mortgages?
SPEAKER_L: Some of them we do some of them we don't we do have uh we do sell some off. It usually depends on whether or not it was done by a mortgage banker or by the branch individuals. They're they're kind of a separate pile. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I just don't. You you hear the thing about how eventually there's going to be, you know uh some sort of fallout from things and you just you know you don't I I I just don't know exactly where it's going to start or like where, because it's just so weird because like the market is like hasn't really fallen off that much but the unemployment is crazy.
SPEAKER_L: Oh so bad. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So.
SPEAKER_L: No there was an interesting NPR piece about that the other day by the difference between the market and the real economy and uh yeah you know I I I'm not nearly as skilled or knowledgeable as you I'm sure. But it is it is interesting that right now the market I mean somewhat volatile somewhat up and down but not terrible even though we have record unemployment numbers. Mm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and there there is a skew I think between like right now I think almost a huge proportion of the companies that are up are all like the tech companies and stuff like that that are that are going to probably win. And so I think there are more more than the average. There's a bunch of companies who are more traditional who are you know, not reflected, you know as much because it's skewed but yeah, I don't know. It's just it's just a it's a unique time to be experiencing for sure.
SPEAKER_L: it definitely is. I think it's really if you do quite a bit of prolific studies like a lot of them right now are about covid just a ton of them. But you know what are you feeling? What are you thinking, what are you doing? Um Well I pretty we've hit 25 minutes. I kept a timer to make sure that we were at 25. Um So I think that we've completed the portion that we need to and
SPEAKER_R: Do you know
SPEAKER_L: rising,
SPEAKER_R: what we we do next? Do we take a survey or something?
SPEAKER_L: yep. Next there's gonna be a survey so we would um close this out and then it'll ask us um If everything went well and then it will take us to the next. And I think they said it's about a 25 minutes. Um post conversation survey.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Well it was great talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Nice talking to you. Good luck with everything and uh I hope that you get back to florida soon.
SPEAKER_R: Thanks. Stay safe on your trip,
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.