Can you hear me?
Yeah I mean just just my volume here. Yeah. Yeah so do you do you know um are they going to give us a topic or something that we're supposed to do?
Okay. Um So what what do you what do you want to do? Do you want to like do you want to?
you
You're prepared.
Yeah.
Sure yeah my name is josh and I uh I own I mean I run my own business um I started it like I guess um Like a long time ago like almost 13 years ago but it's only really been like a company for like nine years. Um And uh So that's what I do and um I normally live in Florida but right now I'm sort of stuck in Missouri because of the whole TV 19 thing. Um And I don't know I guess I like to run and uh like normally I like sports but I can't do that earlier right now
so um, I guess that's, I don't know. That's, that's what about
you?
I don't mean, I mean, I'm from the midwest. I don't think it's bad. I just, you know, it's just weird to be, the whole thing is weird right now.
Is that like
carbon Bill?
Um, is that north of Carbondale? Okay.
You mean like going to driving classes? Like? Okay.
So you're a pro football fan?
Well,
college
is a big time commitment.
So what team do you like? I like the NFL
so they're pretty, they've been pretty good the last couple of years.
So
what
are the, what are the strengths and weaknesses for the Vikings this year?
What
draft picks? Did they spend an offensive lineman? Do you know?
Was
it a high
tech
or
low
or medium
picks?
Those
are more
like, usually third round is more like uh backup of potential starters. Yeah,
Um Well I sort of, um, I like it because um, well I used to like learn from like leaders and executives by listening to uh public earnings calls, but then I sort of discovered that um, you were listening to like, particularly like Bill Belichick because you know, he's so successful and he knows so much about different parts of the game. So I just started listening to his conferences because there are way more of those than there were earnings calls for any particular company. Um,
and uh, so, and so I started, so then I started paying attention to the patriots and I just root for the patriots because I just like the hear what Bill Belichick would say whether win or lose or something. I think his outlook is really good. Um, so I'm still a patriots fan. I probably will watch the bronco, I mean not the broncos, but the buccaneers
a little bit more. Um well I've really never watched them for us. It's gonna be a lot more fun to watch them one game. Um
right, so, and they seem like they have, they might have an interesting team with, you know, some of a lot better because they really didn't have anyone that was that he was happy with last year to throw to. So now they have like two guys who I think were pro bowlers. Um, so, um yeah, that could be interesting, but mostly I just like, you know, Bill Belichick just knows so much about the history of the game and he knows like every position coach, what they're supposed to do and like every player and so, you know, I just learned so much from so I just listened to those when I don't understand something, I look it up when I read a book it's just like a little
hobby.
he played in college, he went to uh Wesleyan Wellesley in college. Uh
um Yeah I'm not sure which one it was but yeah he went and he played center um on which I think they're not they're not the one I think they're like D. Two or something or. Um and they said you know his coaches like loved him because he was like he never made the wrong call for for protection and stuff like that. So yeah he was a center but he was you know he's such a small guy that you know he was never like a big time but you know he played rugby which he also loves and he played center
um Yeah and his his one of his kids as a coach and his team and another one of those kids as a rugby coach. Like his daughter is like rugby coach or something like that.
Yeah that is it is. I don't know exactly why that is, but there is a lot of that. Uh huh.
Does
he
come from the defensive side of the wall?
Right.
It's hard to get you know prestige or get paid more when you're not doing everything.
Was he that what where was he the defensive coordinator before he was the coach remember?
I'm gonna look it up. I'm just curious defense
coordinator
for the
Bangles
Falcons and the cowboys. Yeah. You had a right
um Yeah and you guys have had a really good defense. Did you still have a good defense last year? Last year was like a little of a flu
craig?
And they,
and you traded like a wide receiver? You traded digs, didn't you?
How
do you
feel about that?
Hey.
So what's your strategy for fantasy? Because I don't usually play fantasy, but how decided you, how do you approach
it?
You
favor
diversification
of your enjoyment? Yes.
Because because he beats the Vikings.
Yeah. Well, that's a good enough reason right there.
he's he's broken his collarbone a couple of times, right?
that
was
that was
the Vikings game when I did that. Okay.
Oh, I didn't know that. That came out of the collar brown thing.
Okay, that makes sense. I mean, he brings so many people to the stadium and stuff like that. Yeah.
No, it's ok. I don't um um I work in finance so um and um like trading so we we can make money when when things go um you know, down as much as when they grow up so and we're all, I mean everything we do is always pretty much can be remote really easily.
So
it's
a, how about you? Has it been a big adjustment?
Were people
freaking
out?
What kind of business was that?
So that's pretty much, you probably can do some of that remote but
You
lose a lot and we
what do you normally do in the bank? Are you normally process like loans applications?
And
is your branch closed? Are you going to reopen your branch?
Right, right. But eventually that you will just
do you,
so if you're the branch manager and you have tellers do used to go into the facility and like managed to the
tellers and
stuff,
so do you do you just like yell at them, so you're always far away from them and you have walkie
talkies or something?
So when when you guys open back up are you going to have like you know uh those like tape on the floor and stuff like that that they have some places?
Yeah I
I saw a picture over the weekend of someone uh it was I think it was a doctor who flew to new york to help the you know there was a bunch of doctors who flew there and the um so I guess the airline stopped enforcing the policy of having middle seats that had to be open, so it was just packed with people. Um
And they did change how they wouldn't admit that they changed it, but they did say that basically it's it's only if the seat, the plane isn't fold, just like, you know, it normally would be. Yeah.
And I sort
of understand
because you know, who wants to pay, you know, twice as much or three times as much for a ticket or they're going to lose that much money because usually they don't make that much per flight anyways. So
it
actually could be better because you'll have less prolonged time because each of the flights will be shorter. So, and that's really where you're going to get is the one that air recirculate. So are you
going to
get like, Are you going to get like an N- 95 mask or some kind of special respirator or something?
Well,
well june
you might be able to get, there might be more of them around. Yeah.
The only
time I ever got sick was on airplanes or in movie theaters, just like it was a normal thing. So I would always cover my mouth on airplanes if I did. And sometimes when I forgot or if I fell asleep I would get a cold or something. Like it was almost
so, you know, I just, I mean it's the same thing. It's just this. So yeah, I'm going to get like a heavy duty mask or something like that. Just,
It's
really just who's on there. You just, I just, I just start hearing people cough and that's my associated because I've flown, I used to have to fly for work and I flew like a lot and so I just became super conscious of it. And also because it sucks when you're sick to fly, so if you get sick and then you have to fly, that even sucks worse. And So but I mean um I saw like some kind of a sort of study where they're figuring out you know who infected who and one of them was from a restaurant where people want to a thing and it was they got a map of the restaurant and it and it seems like it's not 100% but the people who got infected, where's the ones sitting on me at the vents in the ceiling. Yeah because they were getting the strongest dose of whatever was being circulated. Yeah. So. Yeah. I don't know just just and it's it's just no different but just because then you could get it and if you are asymptomatic and then you don't you just never know then you could just be giving its people for days or longer
do. Um. Uh Is there still like uh is there is there a whole bunch of like um businesses and stuff like applying for like extra credit lines and things like that? In addition
to,
so does does the bank you work for it? Do you serve service your own mortgages?
Yeah. I just don't. You you hear the thing about how eventually there's going to be, you know uh some sort of fallout from things and you just you know you don't I I I just don't know exactly where it's going to start or like where, because it's just so weird because like the market is like hasn't really fallen off that much but the unemployment is crazy.
So.
Yeah and there there is a skew I think between like right now I think almost a huge proportion of the companies that are up are all like the tech companies and stuff like that that are that are going to probably win. And so I think there are more more than the average. There's a bunch of companies who are more traditional who are you know, not reflected, you know as much because it's skewed but yeah, I don't know. It's just it's just a it's a unique time to be experiencing for sure.
Do you know
what we we do next? Do we take a survey or something?
Okay. Well it was great talking to you.
Thanks. Stay safe on your trip,