Hi there.
Yes, I can hear you have like can you hear me?
So I had read in one of the emails that you can either do free form conversation or they can give you something but I don't think that they gave us something in particular so I think we're supposed to be a free form conversation.
I just found some like conversation starter things that I
thought yeah
I'm a nervous person so yeah like to be prepared um So
as much as you would like to, how about we tell each other a little bit about ourselves, obviously what you're comfortable with?
Sports is yeah hard right now.
It's
new and dutch shell. Sure. Yeah, so I work in a bank and um I live in the midwest so I'm pretty familiar with Missouri, I'm sorry you're stuck in Missouri. Um
Oh it's absolutely weird right now. Um My husband is actually from southern Illinois so um we we go back down there pretty frequently I
think.
Um Do you know where Alton is?
Yeah, it's not too far from ST louis actually, so um down in that area we are favorite fact about Missouri is that you don't have to have driver's ed to get a driver's license there, so we use that as an excuse for a lot of the driving that you see around ST louis.
once you're 18 you don't have to have any formal training, you just have to go pass the test. Um I let me see, I really only enjoy one sport. I am a huge uh football fan so I'm excited and anxious to see what ends up happening with the NFL next year. But
yes, yeah, I'd
like to get into college but I never have, so it's just pro football for
me,
it is like the NFL season and fantasy is already a big enough time commitment for me. Like I'll just enjoy the players when they get to the NFL um
Okay, so I'm uh I'm a Vikings fan. Yeah. Yes,
yeah, I mean we've had to struggle um and obviously we still have no super bowls a long time running joke, so I'm very hopeful. It's it's always next year, but you know, we made it pretty, we made it into the playoffs and didn't go out in the first round this last year, so
well
thanks.
Um So the O line is typically like a recurring nightmare and has been for quite a few years and I, you know, I believe we've made some good moves in the draft to uh to bolster that, but you know, it just always remains to be seen.
So,
oh, I can't remember
off
the
top
of
my head.
I believe
their third round picks, they got a couple offensive lineman and they intend to I believe move some pieces around. But yeah,
we'll have
to see
Yeah, I think it's more potential sort of things and then yeah, exactly because the depth is always a problem that you know if you have one person out and you're online and you move things around your weaker and if you don't have the depth behind that, which has been a problem like every year. So um yeah, I don't know. I'm always always optimistic at the beginning of the season. How about you? Who's your team?
interesting.
Bad news.
infinitely more.
His
technical knowledge is just like absolute best in the league. Um And it's interesting, didn't I? I mean I don't follow super well um every team but um Bill Belichick never really played football, did he?
there's a couple of Ohio Wesleyan Illinois wesleyan. There's a couple.
interesting.
Oh interesting, very cool. I love that the family lines that tend to go through football so I know that's pretty true for the Vikings, to the Vikings coach. Mike Zimmer's son is um now the what the defensive coordinator and um yeah there's there's quite a bit of the family ties in football.
I think for the Vikings we I anticipated being a good thing but I've loved Mike Zimmer as a head coach so I
think
that
he is he's one of one of the most successful um defensive coordinators turned head coaches which sometimes is a good thing. Sometimes it's a bad thing because he hasn't really let very many people take over the defensive side of the team. So he's still um, like up through last year was still play calling the defense. So it's really hard to put a defensive coordinator in that position and say like, yeah, this is yours, but I'm going to do it. Um,
so,
right. Yeah, exactly. Whereas, you know, he would leave a lot of the offense to the offensive coordinator.
Oh, okay. So off the top of my head, I want to say, oh, oh, I can't remember right now. I know he's worked for Cleveland. I know that he had been in texas. I can't remember exactly where he was before, the Vikings.
I want to say
it's actually
the
Bangles.
yeah. So yeah, I I think, you know, I just love the way that he he seems like a very authentic person and he doesn't tend to pull a lot of his punches. Uh, he's I think he's done a lot of good here in Minnesota and yeah, after, you know, some of the other coaches that we've had bread Children's years. No, but
we did
take a step back some last year and I, you know, next year really hard to say because we've lost a lot of pieces, like, um, you know, we have Linval joseph who is no longer going to be a viking and um, a couple couple star pieces, Xavier Rhodes no longer going to be a viking, although Xavier took a huge step back this year. So, um, let's
see,
yes, we did trade digs, but
then we
drafted
a wide receiver in the first or second. You know, I love digs and I will always
love digs for the Minneapolis miracle. Like I think any Minnesota fan, but this last year there were some problems. He missed some practices for, um, attitude issues it seems and he he was having a little bit of trouble. Um not playing as much of a team player, it seems. So you know, we drafted a wide receiver of course one with knee problems, which not always a great thing, but I'm excited. I mean we have adam feelin, we have um Kyle Rudolph, who I think is is a better tight end than he gets credit for. So like I said, I'm always optimistic at the beginning of the season. Delvin Cook, We'll see if he can have a year without injuries, you know, on the offensive side. I'm not super worried.
My
biggest priority is always to beat my husband. Um That's that's number one. Um I tend to follow Vikings players better than any other team, but my overall strategy is to not draft them because if your real team is having a disappointing season and you've drafted your favorite players then your fantasy team
is gonna have a disappointing
season.
Two.
Right? Exactly. And that gives you something to watch other games. Like we like to we have a good friend that lives near us and he's a Saints fan so like we like to get together and watch games together through most of sunday. Um So it gives you something to root for in the other games. I tend to I tend to try to do some research but not a ton because they don't want to invest in a bunch of time into it. We don't tend to fly for large amounts of money. My husband has like one Uh league that he plays, it's like $200 and that one he puts quite a bit of effort into but like we're like a $5 buy in and it's just for fun so I don't tend to put a lot into it other than I will never draft Aaron Rodgers. That's just
no because he's a packer and actually he's only won once in U. S. Bank Stadium so. But
yeah he's one once. It had one broken collarbone so. Uh
Yeah well the Anthony Barr tackled him at the I don't remember that was the first year in the in the bank
or
the second
year.
Yeah and then it resulted in the rule about not driving the quarterback into the ground with your full body weight so.
Well you know they never said it explicitly but like online you'll hear referred to as Aaron Rodgers rule pretty frequently.
It's in the best interests of the NFL to get players like Aaron Rodgers and tom brady and the game as much as they can. So so you said you are a business owner, are things okay right now or things not so good for your business?
Good,
good, good,
good.
Um Yes and no for for me personally, um So I work in a branch at a bank and um we've been working quite a bit on the paycheck protection program so um yeah, like a lot of my days right now are they're getting it's getting better because there's still enough funds and this time the funds didn't run out so quickly so um that definitely made it better. But there were a couple bad weeks in there where I would have business
owners
calling
and Oh yeah, I mean just panic and and and having tough decisions to make, which I don't envy whatsoever. You know, I had one person who didn't get in in the first round of funding and he called and he said, what's the likelihood that I'm going to get in in the second? And I was like, I have, I have no way to tell you, I have absolutely no idea. It was a mad rush for the money the first time and it could be the second time and he was like, well I need to decide if I'm laying off my employees and I was like, I can't make that decision for you and I can tell you that I think you should or shouldn't, like I, you know, I'm sorry you're in that position and this is all terrible. Um and it did end up working out for the better for that person. They were able to get funding in this second round. Um
They work in speech therapy, so
they were doing some remote, but it tends to be more difficult because you don't think about it unless you've ever had problems with speech. A lot of it is physical and like showing people and touching on your face like your tongue needs to be up here at the front of your mouth and things like
that.
Yeah, especially if you're working with young Children, you know, if you're trying to work with a three year old on zoom, good luck. But I I think this uh it's definitely been an interesting time. I think people have been able to try new things and work different ways and see, you know, be really creative about how they can get their business done, but you know, they're they're going to be a lot of far reaching effects that we haven't felt yet for a lot of our businesses.
No, no, that's just started well in some ways I don't normally work with businesses in particular. I normally work with consumers, you know, everybody. Um I'm a branch manager so I'm primarily focused on my branches revenue and teaching and training my employees to be revenue producing and good with the customer service. Um But in the last couple of weeks, uh my business banker quit about a week before the covid shutdown started here. So um after that the management on the business side were like well Danny you have experience in this. I used to do business lending so um there like here you go, take it over. So
it's
we are, we're mostly close, we can take appointments um and we have our drive through open for teller transactions, but our overall transaction volume account openings, loans are down significantly. Um So the PVP program is going to be really good for us because the branch will, the bank as a whole is guaranteed to make a certain amount on every loan that they process. So you know, the financials will look good at the end of this quarter, but it's kind of, it's not as much organic growth because you know, we don't have customers coming in. So
eventually
that will come back.
I
do,
yeah. Um There was, I worked from home for about six or seven days um when we're kind of like a high risk time. But in general my staff does better if I'm there. Um I have kind of a younger staff or newer to this industry. So they they just do better if I'm very easily accessible.
There's
a little bit about sometimes we yell from my side of the office over there. Sometimes they call me. Um It's a little bit funny their personalities dictate that. So I have one banker who will always call me um on the phone even though I could definitely hear her if she just talked a little louder and then I have another one who will just yell until I hear her. So I think kind of depends on the person,
you know, I don't know yet. We haven't started having those conversations, I think they're going to be fairly conservative about when we do start opening up, we're not requiring anyone to wear masks were not required to in our state. We I do have tape on the floor right now for my employees. Um So like in your area this is six ft. Um When we do have appointments, we don't take them in our offices because there's not usually six ft between your chair and the client chair. We usually hold them in a boardroom or conference room. Um So there are some modifications that we've made, but so far we've been pretty lucky very few people in uh in my bank in my region have been sick and those that have usually has been related to travel, one went to New York like april something. So yeah, yeah, she came back and she was like, oh yeah, I'm covid positive and I had to be home for two weeks. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Which,
you know,
it's hard,
Right. They to be profitable, they have to pack the planes and right now they're not to put, you know, I get it, I get it from both sides from both the consumer, like I don't want to risk my health, but I still need to take this flight and from the business perspective because they have to make money. Yeah, I I saw that picture to um and we're actually going to be flying, we have a flight to ST louis um Uh later in June and it was going to be a direct flight and it's no longer a direct flight now, it's going to have a stop and it's going to be several hours longer because delta has consolidated and they're not going to about 10 different cities now. Um So yeah, we were not thrilled about that, but at the same time, I get it, you
know,
they're
requiring,
They're requiring you to wear a mask of some kind. Um I had, and 95 at work, we actually had a pandemic kits. Um but
when things were really bad for the health care providers, we went and donated all over and 95 to a local clinic. So now I'm kind of like, uh I should have kept to one or two of those, but
I.
Exactly. Yeah. That's kind of weird I think, you know, I'm not super concerned for us, I'm not in a high risk demographic, but then again we are going to see people who are in high risk demographics, so it's kind of a balance between being protective of them and also, you know, not super concerned for myself,
but.
good news.
Yeah. No, it's not a bad idea at all, you know, and now that you say that there are certain times like um I had a 14 hour flight to Paris um a few years back and I got super sick like three days after that flight. So I definitely have been there to that. Like it's a Germ factory, No, two ways about it. And on that one I think it was like an 11-hour flight maybe a little bit more. It was
nah.
Yeah. I think that's one of the things about this, the whole covid thing that concerns me the most is that there's a certain percentage of people who are either asymptomatic or presymptomatic and may never get a fever. And you know, you might like I have allergies really badly. I might just think that it's allergies and turns out it wasn't and then I could get somebody else severely sick. So yeah, no good. But for me I you know my day to day life hasn't changed almost at all and I think I'm I'm thankful for that because I still get to go to work, I still get to do what I love and I still get to leave the house every day. My husband's not so fortunate, he's like trapped at home.
It
started to slow down some and we were still doing some for sure right now a lot of it right now is more so the just working on the existing things that they have. So you know if people have mortgages and loans and credit obligations that we can defer for a while, we've been working on a lot of that right now, still were in the in the still in the phases of the TPP program, but and that's starting to come to an end.
Some of them we do some of them we don't we do have uh we do sell some off. It usually depends on whether or not it was done by a mortgage banker or by the branch individuals. They're they're kind of a separate pile. Yeah.
Oh so bad. Yeah.
No there was an interesting NPR piece about that the other day by the difference between the market and the real economy and uh yeah you know I I I'm not nearly as skilled or knowledgeable as you I'm sure. But it is it is interesting that right now the market I mean somewhat volatile somewhat up and down but not terrible even though we have record unemployment numbers. Mm.
it definitely is. I think it's really if you do quite a bit of prolific studies like a lot of them right now are about covid just a ton of them. But you know what are you feeling? What are you thinking, what are you doing? Um Well I pretty we've hit 25 minutes. I kept a timer to make sure that we were at 25. Um So I think that we've completed the portion that we need to and
rising,
yep. Next there's gonna be a survey so we would um close this out and then it'll ask us um If everything went well and then it will take us to the next. And I think they said it's about a 25 minutes. Um post conversation survey.
Yeah. Nice talking to you. Good luck with everything and uh I hope that you get back to florida soon.
Thank you.