just talk. Mhm. Mhm. So thank you. Yeah. Mhm. All right. Yeah. Mm hmm. It's not okay girl. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Hmm. It's not. Mm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Spike something approaching. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. All right statement. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's just taking in the sights. Hello?
I'm bright.
Likewise.
Where are you?
Nice? I'm in Alaska. Uh, can you can right now,
Oh, nice. That's I actually live in Anchorage. Yeah. Just down here for work at the moment. My sister actually was just south of Portland. I'm headed there in like a week for thanksgiving. Yeah.
Hi.
mm hmm.
Hopefully. I mean it's already snowed up here multiple times, so, you know, it's hard to not be better. Okay.
That's,
my parents live in southern Washington now and that was after college. My sister, my sister went to you. Oh, and then moved to Portland after she graduated and just, you know, never left. Um And my
mom like had enough of Alaska winter and some of my dad retired. She's like that's it removing. So they live up in Washington now or down in Washington from here. Okay.
Yeah. You from Morgan originally?
is a nice place.
Uh my 4th 1.
I'm curious what they're trying to figure out.
correct.
Yeah, that's what I, you know. Yeah, I don't know,
some some kind of science. Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah. I don't know.
This
is
very bizarre.
No,
I had a dog, she died not that long ago, so
I'm
currently Peppas, but I'll get another one at some point.
A lot of people do. They shed a lot and they're very high energy. Um I like, I'm a big fan of like rescue months. Um, so yeah, the dog, she was ridgeback boxer seems to be the leading theory as to her origins.
Yeah, It was perfect. She was Super Lazy like 18 hours a day. And then it was like, she wanted to go out and do things sometimes. But like a lot of times she would like to play on the couch or lay in my bed and it's like perfect.
interesting.
It
still seems kind of impractical.
I mean,
But my my dog was £80 and like that's like she was big like, you know, like took up a lot of space and you know, mm hmm. Um
have
you always had dogs like growing up?
Mhm.
How long have you had her?
what do you do for work?
interesting.
Not
a lot happening right now,
Yeah. Do you uh do you have any fun pandemic projects? Well, you have all your downtime?
Something
going on. Fair enough.
I was definitely on the pandemic baking bandwagon. Um
No,
no, soured. I don't love sour dough as much as everybody else seems to.
like, I mean, if somebody, if it's put in front of me, I will eat it, but it's not something I seek out like. Um
the,
I beg like regular bread. I baked a cake. I baked a couple of pies. Um
I beg banana bread. I baked zucchini bread. That's my grandpa's favorite too. So I begged. Mhm.
No, no. D none of the above.
Um hmm.
Did,
did
the Zoo?
I can't remember if the zucchini bread had not senator or not. I don't know, I have to look at the recipe and I feel like if I close this screen, bad things might happen. Uh um
I don't remember there were nuts in the zucchini red. I'm a big fan of banana bread without anything in it. Just like just bread. I just want bread. Um
That's what I tend to paint towards. So
I've not tried had been an embroidered chocolate chips and I've never had zucchini bread with chocolate chips in it. Oh,
that's
I had a friend who made chili like just a couple of weeks ago and I don't remember if there is a teaspoon tablespoon mix up, There is definitely a chili powder cayenne mix up and she ended up putting two tablespoons of kayin in this like pot of chili and like I liked it, I mean it was it was definitely like the top end of like I wouldn't have wanted it any spicier for sure and definitely like a little bit less would have been like much better but it was still pretty good. Like she's like I can't eat this at all like it's way to space. It's just I just loaded up like sour cream and cheese, it'll be fine. Okay.
Well it depends on if I'm if I'm like testing the waters, I will usually just say medium because it's really sad when you get something that's like so hot that and it is like some places I mean some places I'll order stuff hot it just kind of depends, you know, before I order something hot I usually like test because my face is sweating and you can't feel your mouth. Like that's not fun. That sucks. Like
I want to taste my food and enjoy it.
Like
I feel like I have a decent tolerance, but I'm not like one of these idiots, it's like how fucking hot can I make this, you know?
No.
Not at all.
Have
you, have you spent any time in the midwest
if
it
spent a summer is like a couple of months, I just spent two years ago now is in Minnesota, which I spent note like I've been had been to the midwest but not really spent a lot of time there and there was this little town in southern Minnesota and there's like a restaurant that's like trying to be like a brewpub kind of place, like they got a bunch of beers on tap and it's like burgers and sandwiches and like all this stuff and they had a cubano Cuban sandwich on the menu and I was like an awesome like love a cubano like great. And I get it. And the thing is bland like
I said like
I start like pulling it apart like the pulled pork is bland. I was like how do you even make bland pulled pork? How is that physically possible?
Yeah. It's terrible. There's I had several experiences like that and I was just like it's just um and they found
there was a
mexican
restaurant there and I like if you like talk to the people and you're like no no like what do you guys got in the back that's not on the menu? Like they had their own food that they were cooking because it's like a big family own thing and they would serve you that like that was really good.
spicy. Yeah.
Girl.
That's
Well
that's good. Um
Most small towns in Alaska have a restaurant that's like american, italian and mexican all under one roof.
It's all really expensive and none of it's particularly good.
Okay. I mean you can go get like a mediocre cheeseburger, it'll be like $24. Right? So
I think people, I think they're like they're using that as an excuse to screw people really is what's happening possibly. I don't know. Um with
this
no,
Alaska is not a scam. A lot of the people that live here are, it drives me crazy. It's hard to get like it's hard to get good like there are people that are just like I would go out of business anywhere else but are like making a million dollars here because it's just there's no other option, you know? So people have to use them like. Uh mm hmm.
I bet you can, Anchorage, Anchorage is pretty diverse like half anchorages like 300,000
people. And some um it's like that's like half the population of the state, so once you get outside of Anchorage like things get pretty small pretty quick. Um But Anchorage like we have like good food in Anchorage like you can find decent like we have a couple of good indian restaurants and um like many thai places and a couple of places that I really love um I mean like most major ethnic foods you can find in Anchorage.
I don't know if I call in a major city but and if you're coming from Portland, like the food scene in Portland is like infinitely better than Anchorage but still you know it's that's like one of my favorites and my sister is incredible at getting reservations to places that you can't get reservations too and she just she just
plans
in advance, she plans in advance. Um And she's like she's smarter than the rest of us is what it is, not even smarter. Just more organized. Uh
Yeah there's like a secret thai restaurant over where the hell is it?
Maybe
now I don't think
so. They have like a regular
thai restaurant and then yeah
what the hell is it called? Names escaping me.
Do they have a uh we'll see if I can find on my phone real quick. Um Anyways they like they have like a thai restaurant and there's like a secret hidden restaurant back behind it. Um Okay
what the hell is it called?
Patty P. A. E. I don't know if that's the regular one or that's the secret one. Okay it's on Where it's over on 28 off of burnside.
Yeah like you go like you're going to the bathroom and then there's like a bookcase that opens up and they have a little like space that seats like maybe a dozen people.
wang
von. Yes.
That's the
place.
Yeah that's the place. Long bond.
Yes and yeah so like she got like reservations for you know she'll just like make reservations for four people and like I happen to be there and she's like you want to go and I was like yeah yeah she does stuff like that which is like incredible and is never cheap
but always awesome and like that's that's what social go and like when we win she's like when can I get another reservation and and they'll be and it will be like eight months down the road or something stupid like that. But she was just like okay I'll take it and she just puts it in her calendar and then.
For.
that we have a thai restaurant, it's not a secret by any means but in
Anchorage it is tai family owns it and the food is amazing. Um The service is terrible like like if you go like you have to go and not be in a hurry like if you're gonna go to thai kitchen you just want to like okay dinner is going to take two hours like like
that's just the way it is and the food is excellent, you just have to be prepared to like wait, you know, Okay,
but
they can get away with it because its Anchorage and there's not like, I mean it's the best thai food is the best thai food I found in Anchorage. It's super, it's really authentic and it's excellent. But like, you know, their 12 year old daughter like brings you your water and then you might not see anybody for 20 minutes, you know, it's just uh okay.
It's Yeah, but you know, they get away with it. I don't know if it's always busy. Yeah.
whatever.
Why?
That's a long
time.
All
just
go send emails on your phone for the bathroom.
Uh huh.
I am a sailor. I work on ships. Yeah,
I
work for the ferry system in Alaska now, so yeah, I'm hanging out in ketchikan, we have one of our ships in the shipyard just doing a bunch of maintenance, so I'm here for two weeks man, you know, it's
fine.
Uh that's
what
I do
for
Um
People don't pay you to go on sailboats is the thing, I mean
sometimes they do, but not that much
this I actually make money doing and then I get to go sail for fun, which is at some
point
I will buy a big sailboat and sail around the world.
I
have a little sailboat, it puts in my garage.
All
I mean you can it's comfortable for two people like you could fit, you could probably fit for and there was like a little excessive, you know, she's like trying to sail a small boat. Yeah.
No, it's awesome.
like it.
I mean it's all what you're used to.
I think we hit
our 25
minutes.
You hear me? What? Weird. It just started breaking up a little bit.
You hear America?
Um I can hear you sort of, but it's like kind of breaking up, I can tell what you're saying because I can see your lips moving. But anyway,
it was nice chatting with you.
Thanks. Bye.