What? Hi I'm Christina.
All right, nice to meet you.
Thanks.
I am in Portland Oregon.
I've never heard of that place but my cousin lives in Anchorage.
Yeah we just had a pretty tumultuous um rain wind storm
last night. Like I'm a very heavy sleeper but it woke me up in the middle of the night and just like out my window torrential. It was crazy. Yeah
but otherwise it should be nice around thanksgiving.
I mean I don't envy alaskans in the winter
at all.
What?
or whatever.
Mhm yep. Born and raised not not terribly thrilling story but I like it here so. Yeah.
Yeah. Have you done many of these little chat things before?
Okay. This is # two. Yeah. Yeah.
I don't know. Well
based on like the post survey like the post chat survey, they're asking like were you interrupting your partner? Were they interrupting you? How much downtime again like? But why, what are they doing with that info?
For science I guess.
Social social science.
However,
you
know.
Yeah. Well this is my God, Sky.
Yeah. She's a good little noodle. Mhm. Do you have any pets?
I'm
sorry.
Yeah. So up in Alaska, does everyone have huskies?
Rich backpack. Okay. Okay.
Yeah. So I I actually live in the city in Portland and um so I see most of my dogs at dog parks when I take this one out. Um and I've seen a lot of, a lot of huskies, but a lot of great danes in the city. And when I first like was seeing all these great danes, I thought this seems strange to me because if people are around here living in little apartment, why are you choosing the largest dog in the world to live in your tiny apartment? But then I found out that apparently great danes are just like big lazy oaks, like they sleep all day and they're super cuddly and like they need to get out and run around but they don't have like super high energy levels. So
like apparently they're just like massive teddy bear, lazy dogs
and I had no idea. Mm
Very
much.
I don't
know.
Yeah. Well, I mean I begged my parents for my first decade of life and then I got my my childhood dog when I was 10. So um from From age 10 until now I've always had a dog. Yeah,
but this, this noodles my first like dog dog. Well I mean like solo dogs that I own. The other ones are like my parents dogs. Yeah, she's a sweetheart.
Um A little over oh gosh, Five years. She's six years old. And I got her when she was 10 months. So Math. I don't know you probably for five years. Yeah, but She's A Good one. So. Right.
Um I work for FIFA, it's the International Basketball Federation. So I don't know if you've heard of FIFA like that's soccer. So it's the same concept but for basketball
less corruption. Um So yeah, I work for the Americas region and I do like events and travel logistics. So um For
like
um actually we're finally getting back to it um from like mid March is when we postponed all of our tournaments and then beginning or mid october was the first time we were like back to playing the sport. Um So we actually have a big qualifier competition coming up in two weeks so that'll be exciting. But um yeah it's nice to be back to basketball and now my job is I've been very fortunate to like I still had a paycheck, this whole pandemic. Um But I had a lot of downtime, we're still getting paid for it, but now I feel like I'm actually earning it
Um I mean I always have a million projects, I I'm a very crafty person, so like I met things and I I quilt and I'm always like doing creative, crafty things, so pandemic or no, I always have like 12
projects in progress.
Yeah. What about you? What what kept you occupied?
sour dough or,
nah.
That's fair,
Well and you're probably saving yourself from like baking with it because that stuff is stinky, like if you're working with like the starter, so so what did
you bake then,
banana brad?
I need to know walnuts or chocolate chips or both or neither?
Whoa. Okay,
interesting. Have
you had
zucchini
bread with chocolate chips?
No. $15 For you, thank you.
copy.
That's fair.
you need to try some and get your life changed zucchini bread with chocolate chips. Yeah, nothing better. Oh I actually have a banana bread story for you. So when I was younger I have a younger sister, so when I was younger one time my my sister said I'm doing a big banana bread and I thought oh that'll be delicious. So she baked this banana bread, the whole house smells like fresh baked banana bread, everyone is craving banana bread, so we all cut the slices, we take a big bite and that bread as salty as fuck. And it turns out little sister doesn't know the difference between a teaspoon and a tablespoon. So this loaf of banana bread that the whole, how like you made the whole house smells so delicious. It was ruined because it was so salty, you couldn't even you couldn't
even stand it and it was devastating. You know like when it's baking, you get your hopes up, you get excited. No, and it was invisible because like it looks perfect, it doesn't look burned or ruined and it's a brick of salt. It was terrible.
I need to know on when you order like thai food, how spicy do you get it? Like what's your threshold? Just so I can gauge how spicy this chili was?
No.
Yes, thank you. I feel the same
like
What's the name of the hottest pepper in the world? Because I'll eat 20 of them. Like no,
no one, no. Yeah. I'm more of a zero spice person.
I mean like not actually how spicy I want it. Just Normal Mild zero Extra Spice. Just yeah I
don't,
no. I
had spent zero time in
the Middle East.
My
people.
Yeah. You like you cook the pork and then you take out the flavor and then put it in the sandwich.
That's
funny
though.
So it's like authentic. Yeah.
Good. I
mean not for me but not for me but good for you. Yeah. Um when you were talking about that brewpub that reminded me of there's this place in central Oregon and I swear this is a restaurant that doesn't know what it is. Like they're trying to do everything and it's too much. They don't have an identity. They're like pizza, coffee, beer and growler fills. They do like Cookies and pastries and they have like a drive through window and I don't know like 12 other things. It's like pick a lane guys, they're they're just like so spread out. I don't I don't know, it's
very confusing but everything they sell is good,
but
I don't know.
Thank you.
Great.
But isn't everything a little bit more expensive up more?
So
you're saying Alaska
is a scam?
So that just made me think about my my cousin in Anchorage. Um I mean he's average white guy, but he married a Filipino girl and I know like she and her family they're from Seattle but they do a lot of like authentic cooking, but I bet you probably can't find too many filipino restaurants up in Anchorage, can you?
well,
okay, well that's good because I mean that's what you would hope from a major city,
What's
the secret?
no,
on hawthorne
or bell maya, is it called coon pick baan thai
well
then
Oh
while park parks, they just announced that they're closing all their restaurants in Portland.
I wonder,
you should ask the google because I'd be curious to know. Yeah, I wonder if I could ask.
mm hmm, mhm Okay.
okay, I pulled up a map on my other screen, so okay, so pas de looks like the restaurant and then behind it there's lang von,
which
long ban. Yeah, it's
petite
eatery for family style tai fair,
okay. Hey, we solved it.
clever.
Your eyes? That's crazy that people like that exists here. I am sitting around like it could be eight PM on a friday like well what should I you but like wow, that's crazy. Um My my uncle's brother, so not like my other uncle but like anyway kind of relative,
they own another secret thai restaurant in Portland um And it's called coon pick baan thai and that one's on like hawthorn or Belmont. Um And that one it's like I mean it's not a secret secret, it's just like they they don't have any signage and I don't even know if they have a website so like you have to know where you're going. Um And then the front, the storefront looks like it's like a garden and you walk through like this awning with like a trellis and then you go into the restaurant and it's um it's two people. Mhm. The my uncle's brother is a server and then his wife is a thai lady and she just like cooks all the food and it's super small but like kind of hole in the wild, super authentic food.
And
I'm
mm.
That
yeah, that would take some getting used to.
Um One thing that was tough for me to get used to with my job is like I I do travel like pretty frequently for competitions and also when we have like board meetings um so I'll be on site in case people need help with, I don't know, whatever,
so just makes your body on site. But when we go to these dinners with the board, oh my gosh, they could easily sit for three hours and have dinner. And sometimes like at the beginning when I was first like wrote into these dinners, I thought like God, this is tedious because first everyone gets drinks and then we get all the appetizers and appetizers again and oh my gosh, like it just, it never ends. And then finally were like, okay done with dinner And of course one person wants Dessert. So everyone has to wait till the dis outcomes. Oh God, it's three hours. I think the longest dinner I sat through was like 3.5 hours.
But
this, but
that's like every night and just sitting there. Like I have emails so I could be sending, I could be doing something valuable
and get to bed at a reasonable hour. But instead I'm sitting at dinner for three hours and then I'll stay up three hours later doing all my work. This is fine, probably
found.
Uh huh. I have done that before many a times. Yeah. And then I've also gotten the, everything okay, you're in there a while, like that's a line. The thing is, it's believable because there usually is aligned to so yeah, but
I don't, I'm sorry, I don't think I asked, What do you do for rick?
that's awesome. So like what sort of sailing do you
do?
So,
but fairies don't sound like as much fun as like a sailboat,
Do you
ever
sail
on sail boats? Uh
Okay.
How long?
Well,
that's
a good balance.
Do you have a little sailboat right
now?
Oh, so like how many cedar?
Like A 1, 1 Cedar?
I learned how to sail um God years ago I was a summer staffer at a summer camp and here in Oregon. And um the camp had like it was on the coast so there was like a lake and then the camp and then the coast and it was just like perfect. So some days we'd like go out wave jumping and then the next day we'd be like sailing around our little lake. Um We had a tiny little sailboat um like a five cedar and it was bright yellow. So we would call it the lemon meringue and we would take the lemon meringue out on the lake go. And it was it wasn't a huge lake but that's fine, that's fine learning and
I can't imagine what it would be like to sail in open water like that. That must be really fun, scarier
but fun. Um
Yeah, I suppose europe. All right. Um I did not start a timer but
because
I.
Okay. Hello? Oh okay.
Yeah, but I'm back your best. Right, Okay. Hello?
Yeah, can you see me?
Good.
there was no shouting with you to hope you have a wonderful day and enjoy Oregon over thanksgiving.