Oh uh Mhm. Right, Mhm, mm. A colour? Yeah, well, Mhm, Mhm, Mhm. Yeah, Okay, thank you, thanks. Right. Yeah, what? Yeah, mm hmm. Yeah, yeah, that's right. Hi Armando. Oh, all right, Yeah, Hello?
Hi, how are you?
Uh huh, I'm good, can you, can you hear me okay?
I can't, yep, awesome, cool, so where are you, where in the world are you right now?
Oh really? I am, that's funny, I am in uh way northern new york, so
up like half hour from the Canadian border, so up there.
nice. What area of Vermont are they men?
Right,
nice, that's all right, so are you from Vermont?
And then you made your way eat the pennsylvania? Yeah.
Oh, no way! Uh in state college? Well, that's funny, that's um, I did my undergrad at Penn State, yep,
so I'm actually, I'm from pennsylvania originally, but I went to penn state from undergrad. Right,
what's that,
yep, yep, so good old, good old State College land of a hospice hostage steak and see, and
oh my gosh! Oh
my gosh, I'm forgetting some of all the places, um, I haven't thought about and slow in forever. The first and
the sports cafe, which I think is not
called that anymore, but burritos as big as your head, I don't know if that's, if that's still there, but um,
it's okay. What,
what, what department are you in?
Yeah.
Nice. Are you doing your masters or your PhD or?
Okay, gotcha. So you'll be there for a couple of years,
three more? Gotcha. Nice. It's a, it's a nice place to be
for,
for, for any amount of time. I feel like, do you like it there?
Yeah, I imagine
it's probably way, way quiet. Yes.
This,
yeah, I was going to say it's probably pretty nice though at the same time, It's probably like pretty quiet in the summer, but now it's just like very, very quiet. Yeah. Yeah. So are you like doing classes over the summer? You just kind of, were you working over the summer? You there?
Yeah. Are you able to do everything um remotely or? Yeah.
that's, that's nice. So you have that, you have that option too. Yeah. Be able to keep, keep going with stuff. And so
whats spent? Yeah. Well, are they bringing back
like um, well penn state b in person
or sort of like a hybrid or?
Right. Yeah. Okay. So there will be students coming back I guess. Just not as many maybe or
Yeah. Yeah. I was thinking about that recently. Like with all the students stuff like hearing what the colleges returning, like just the living living situation. I feel like that would be probably the hardest because if you like, oh, that's always tricky figuring out your living situation anyway. And then Yeah, But you're good. You're like set in a place in sick. You're set in a place. They're so you're,
But
Uh she'll be at Penn State.
I thought you said at Penn state. Okay.
yeah. Isn't it johnson and Wales university? Yeah. In Rhode Island.
That's I I lived in Rhode Island.
I actually used to work
at the University of Rhode Island. But so I remember the johnson and Wales and the risky, risky johnson and Wales and salve regina. A couple of those small, small colleges. Right? Uh right. In
Rhode Island.
That's
Yeah. Where did you do your undergrad?
Okay. Yeah, I know where that is. Like, yeah, is that near like Springfield or
or?
Yes. That's not far. Nice.
Nice.
So then you do the you do the which Michael? What did you ever go down to like Newport when you were, when you're up there?
Yeah. Let's see the breakers. The book of the printers. Yeah, the Big one. The Vanderbilts. Yeah.
nice, cool. So you're enjoying your quiet,
quiet, peaceful summer, but you got to go back to Vermont you said?
By default
Vermont
social distancing
all the time. Yeah. That's cool.
Thanks. Nice. So what what do you have anything,
what's your next big thing you're kind of looking forward to these days?
Get some,
get
some, get some fresh air. Probably a lot of people
around.
Yeah. Do you get to a Rothrock? Do you ever go to rock? Rock? Yeah. Nice
bear meadows, all those bear meadows, that's like has like a little like like viewing platform, It might be buggy right now because it's kind of you know, down in it's like wetlands there. But yeah. Nice tusi do you ever go to Tussey Mountain?
I don't know if you see you're
not but.
thanks.
Let's go our team. Yeah, I've been uh interesting. Yeah, we've been um so it's actually kind of funny like are you know I talked to some of my friends and their life is like so different and they're like I'm not doing this, I'm not going here and uh for us it's been
it's
for my family's definitely been different, I mean so I have four kids Um from ages two
through 11 and um it's obviously different because they were not in school in the spring but
um we kind of just like we make our own food,
we play outside a lot.
Um I work from home part time anyway and my husband's job is really flexible also and it's not like a desk job where you're like have to be there certain hours.
So um it kind of didn't it wasn't as big of a change nearly speaking to change as other people I know like um you know like my sister for example, she lived in Brooklyn and she's got two kids and um
they're in an apartment and so it's like they're in the middle in new york city in an apartment with two kids, so like they're like going nuts and we've got like three acres and like an apple orchard and like our kids are just in our town, I live in um I live in a small town, I'm
up near um where
Clarkson
University is,
which is up in potsdam new york you're familiar with up there but so we're to colleges and are Sunni potsdam and Clarkson, so it's like a small college town um but much much smaller than like penn state, you know much
much different scale obviously it's like 7000 students total between both colleges. So um You know I work from home anyway, like 20 hours a week and uh
my two older kids
for home also, but um
so what's different in some ways, but in other ways it was like we weren't going out to restaurants, you know we like make our own food, we play outside, there's tons were like 20 minutes north of the Adirondacks or sort of were Adirondack park starts, so um let the cross country skiing in the winter and then that was pretty much over by the time that coronavirus started. So, um,
then, you know, when you're hiking
and stuff, there's just so much
At around six or like six million acres. So there's,
there's a little crowded spots within it. Like if you're down near certain areas near lake Placid or something. But for the most part it's like night and day compared to um, people who are in a city or an apartment or they're working, they needed childcare. So we really had it relatively easy compared to a lot of people. So this will be interesting, you know, with going back to
school, So our two older kids there Going into 6th grade and third grades. And so we're going to find out like this week what they'll be doing,
but it'll probably be like the hybrid In person, two days out of, you know, remote learning the other three days and they kind of go in like different cohorts to keep fewer kids in the school at one time, so right, I think it'll be, you know, I think it's kind of like Vermont a little bit as far as like our infection rates have been pretty low. And um the interesting thing though with where we are is that because of the two colleges, like almost half of our population is college students, so there's always going to be like an influx of, You know, almost 50% of the town coming back from wherever. So I think that, that
we'll just kind of see, you know, how things go, but
um, we're in a good situation
sort of work wise and childcare wise, I think that would be the hard thing. People with kids who are having like one kid goes to school, monday Tuesday, one kid goes
to school like thursday friday, they're both off Wednesday or you
know so um we don't have to deal with really any of that so that's that's that's been a sort of piece of parts so yeah so that's that's there were lots of points in the yard and um now they're just outside running through sprinklers and we have like a town beach on a there's a river that runs through our town but with the town beach that's open and everything. But we actually haven't haven't gone, it just opened recently. We actually haven't gone yet but I think we probably would but we're just kind of laying low here when ready for school to start, you know, in a couple weeks so.
Oh my gosh. Yeah. How how is she feeling about everything
or?
Yeah. What, so did she do, was it all that you do the remote learning stuff then in the spring? Yeah.
Yeah.
So she's I was thinking about that too, like what's that?
Yeah. Yeah, I know, I was thinking like in England, I think it would be so hard
to be a, to clear right now,
but it's
like everyone's in the same boat I guess. I mean, ever has their own unique situations, but it's not like it's and all the kids are in the same boat, like all the kids in the country, basically, it's not like
anybody's like having it super smooth sailing, uninterrupted life and you know, all that. But I was just thinking like, I was thinking the hype, the remote stuff was like sort of thrown on all the teachers, they really had to like instantly start doing it. Um I
wonder does she think that it will be harder to who do like this hybrid stuff
then the remote
stuff was lick logistically.
Yeah.
No reason. Oh wow.
Oh man. Yeah. Yeah. Oh wow. Yeah, fortunately here they are. We will find out like this week, all the specifics, but I know they'll be they like up front, they were like we're having recess, like we're definitely having recess. Um And they are doing the specials I think sort of in like a modified way. So I know like they're not doing um like band and orchestra are, you know, gonna be sort of maybe they're like on the maybe list. Um But they're like we're definitely doing pe we know that that was like the first thing. I was like, okay, good. I'm glad because I feel like that's going to be just so important for everybody, so I'm glad that they're keeping that. But
so
my uh my sister in law, she her school there in New Jersey and uh I guess they just got their like plan and they are they're doing half days, but I think they're doing like, but then she said they're only doing two days, so I think they're only doing like two half days, maybe, it's three
half days, but I know they're not doing like, like lunch or anything, so she said it's like half days, you'll basically avoid like lunch. So um
but I think, I think she said
it was only like two days maybe, so um it's almost like, jeez, what's almost like, what's the
point?
I mean, I guess probably they're probably it probably is helpful, but Yeah, I think, I think we'll be like 2-2-4 full days.
But um so they will do like lunch and all that stuff. So I have I feel kind of I feel a little bit bad for my four year old. So she starts
pre K. This fall and it's at the end it's at the public elementary school. So um
because
the new york state has something called Universal pre K. Were basically like four year olds in the state. Um You're not guaranteed a spot just depending on you know what your what the numbers are like? But there are these like it's all like run through the state and a lot of the pre Ks are run at the elementary
school.
So I could be like a church or something, but usually their elementary school and she's four, so she's starting that and she's going to be like having her mask and like it's just gonna be uh that's actually that's probably the thing that makes me I don't want her to I don't want to hear me. But that makes me like that madness. I think like the other kids are like whatever like no they'll be wearing masks and things will be different but they're old enough to understand it and she she like understands it. But I just
feel bad that her experience, her first experience that school is going to be like you can't share that toy with that kid or like there's just so much like sitting in little groups, you're sitting in little groups, you're sharing toys, you're working together, your
hands are all over stuff, you know? And for it to be new, like they'll have
spots
probably to sit and like you can't share anything. It's just I'm thinking, you know, she's this is just it seems like it's probably a bigger deal for moving her because it's really like you don't don't know, she'll really have memories. I mean I think she'll have maybe some she's for right now. So she could I think of some especially if it's
like you know emotionally
like strong emotional triggers attached to it and things. But like so we're just we're just going along with it. But I'm thinking this is going to be a blip I think you know, relative to the long longer longer bigger picture. So same
way.
Lord. Uh huh.
yeah.
Oh yeah
that is all yeah that's when
it becomes like more real like than just reading the news about like numbers
and stuff, you know? Oh well that's well it's good that you got to see her. Nice to get to see her. Yeah.
wash your hands and then uh
wash your hands a latin hold up. Uh It's probably my my four year old today. She said she was talking about we're talking about going to one store versus going to a different store for grocery shopping. And she said wait are all the doors open? I said yeah I
said most of them are pretty much said all the grocery stores are open and I didn't know what she was talking about. She said
is the coronavirus
over. Uh huh. And
I said no and then she said I think it's over. And then she said no I don't think it's over but I do think a lot of stores are open. I said you're right, it's you're right, it's not over. I said you know what I said we're going to keep telling her because she just got she got some vaccinations at her four year old visit a few months ago. And so she remembers that. I said you know we're just we remember those remember the special the special shot you get that makes you all better and stuff. We're just waiting for that. And then the well I just keep telling her that we'll have that. She's like okay okay all right.
So I think I'm right at least in some in some way shape or form even if it's similar to a flu vaccine or you need boosters or. Yes.
Yeah. Yeah. I just keep telling yeah we'll have that. You know we just it's just temporary. And actually today the other thing that happened with my son he who's 11 He has two cousins who are about his wage player like 10 and 10 and um 12 and 13 and they only live a couple hours from us but we haven't seen them since we went there at New Year's but they weren't around so we haven't seen them since like last thanksgiving I guess. So we've been uh
and he just he just got Minecraft so he can play Minecraft and his cousin can play Minecraft and they can play together and
he his cousins like older and like you know my son will text him through using my phone
and he'll he'll like say he's going to play but a guy like just like what he doesn't always but today he's like waiting for us and he was just really
sad that he did, his cousin didn't show up and he's like I just we just never see them anymore, I just want to play with them. And I was like oh
like you will like it seems like it's forever but it's not gonna be forever, it's not gonna be like this forever, like okay okay
so
yeah, so the good
I mean and the good thing is like it's like hard in some ways because they're like having to just go deal with these things that like we just didn't have to like growing up that just wasn't bits. And then but it also it's sort of like you know what one of the things we talked about it like relative to like longer term like people have and continue today. You know, not necessarily in our country or in our part of the country or in their little sphere um have go through things so much harder. Like my son who is really interested in history, he's like, you know, World War One, what's going on? And the spanish flu was going on and all this stuff was going on at the same time and it's like, all right. You know those guys all right people like they just did it. You know, we've got we can we can hunker down with remote learning and like we try to put into the bigger perspective
that
helps a lot and then you're like,
okay, this is really, it's fine, you know? Yeah, when you get sucked, it's when you get sucked in for like focusing on what's different and focusing on what we don't have right now. And that like narrow little view, that's when it feels like, well I just want my old, I want this back. I don't want things to be different. You know that when we look at it, like we try to take the historical view that's been our kind of approach has been like, let's look back in history, We've got like, we've got antibiotics, we've got modern medicine. We've got we've got internet like we have planes that we can fly around on and take us anywhere for better or words when it comes to virus, you know, infection spreading. But anyway. Uh huh.
All right.
All right. Well, speaking of the little guys, I think I have to go help help clean up. But it
was nice talking with you though.
Thank you. You
too.
Thanks. Yeah, good luck with all your schooling, enjoy, enjoy State
College.
enjoy fragments.
You guys have Wegmans there now? Yeah,
the enjoy my pens. You're lucky. I used to have Wegmans and
we
live elsewhere in new york. But no Wegmans up here, so
I know. I miss it. I go there when we go back to roger for new york, everyone. So, that's where my in malls are. We? Uh Always go to Wegmans, like first thing. Pretty much. All right, well, having the rest of your night. Good luck with your program.
you too.
Bye bye.