SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Well. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Well. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Hi. Oh
SPEAKER_R: All right. Maybe I guess. All right. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it's working. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Pretty much. How do you feel a doctor's survey?
SPEAKER_L: Um It's weird. I've
SPEAKER_R: what? I don't
SPEAKER_L: actually done the one like this before because when I saw the survey was like repeats wanted and I was like okay I've actually done this before like The end of March Maybe. So it was kind of weird. But I mean I ended up talking to the person that I spoke with for like an hour, even over
SPEAKER_R: damn.
SPEAKER_L: instead of the 25 minutes and I'm like you know I don't know why I did that. But
SPEAKER_R: It's an enjoyable conversation with this.
SPEAKER_L: it was
SPEAKER_R: Great.
SPEAKER_L: not bad. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: How how do you feel about it? Have you done one like this before
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: I have never I thought okay, might as well you know, you know our information
SPEAKER_L: her?
SPEAKER_R: is all out there anyway. If they identify us via face or you know local, I don't know. It's not really going to make any. You take me.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I'm interested because like I'm not sure what they're like what part of the conversation we're looking at. Is it like the topics or how do you have a conversation with people you've never met or how people find similar? I don't know, I'm sure that's the point of surveys, but yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So um where are you from? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: born and brought up new york and then moved around a lot. You know that was interesting. Yeah. What about yourself?
SPEAKER_L: Um from Missouri Kansas city, but I've lived in florida for six years now.
SPEAKER_R: how's florida going? I mean florida is pretty bad at our
SPEAKER_L: it's weird
SPEAKER_R: one
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: moment.
SPEAKER_L: I mean I'm not a Floridian so I can trash it all I want. Um I live here uh Floridians don't care about anything
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: particularly other people, it's how it feels. Um and they just deny there's anything going on, so no one's doing anything differently than they were
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: last week or two weeks ago and I'm just like uh why why is this happening? Why is it like why are we why do we not care? And no one's like the county, like some counties are taking action, but the state as a whole isn't. So it's just like, I
SPEAKER_R: But I never thought whatever happened
SPEAKER_L: don't know my work location
SPEAKER_R: credit
SPEAKER_L: just opened.
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: So I started I was furloughed for three months. I just started working on sunday. Okay so
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Congratulations.
SPEAKER_L: that's excitement
SPEAKER_R: I don't know that you're well, I'm probably happy about that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: kind of I'm excited to be back with work friends and stuff but not as excited because so I work at Disney World so I know that I'm gonna be surrounded by thousands of people every day because even though it's a reduced amount from what it normally is that still hundreds of people going to come into contact with. And I'm like uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I mean they're doing everything
SPEAKER_R: Two
SPEAKER_L: they can like they've given us lots of safety precautions and you know they've done so
SPEAKER_R: Better
SPEAKER_L: much already
SPEAKER_R: people.
SPEAKER_L: just to make sure
SPEAKER_R: Wonderful.
SPEAKER_L: we're gonna be doing all we can but that doesn't mean that every guest and every other cast members gonna follow those guidelines. So it's kind of we'll see.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's that's sort of we'll see how that plays that, I guess hindsight told me in a town. Yeah. Have you been working at Disney World for like six years, or? Oh,
SPEAKER_L: that's why I moved down here. I did an internship at a college and then I just stayed
SPEAKER_R: wow, that's that's pretty awesome. You know, like I can only I have no idea how, you know, working there without, but you obviously get to me like a ton of people. Mm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's cool, like I like talking with people and interacting with them, so like that's the fun part
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: until you know like something
SPEAKER_R: There was
SPEAKER_L: crazy happens
SPEAKER_R: little
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: personal.
SPEAKER_L: you've ruined everyone's vacation, which was never your problems because they don't know how to read or plan or do anything, but it is obviously my fault,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. I want to.
SPEAKER_L: but um well, so you mean you said you were from new york, so you've kind of been, where
SPEAKER_R: there you go.
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: you still in new york? Is that where you live now?
SPEAKER_R: I'm living in Jersey City right now actually, well, both their Jersey and new york, Jersey was like number two, so I were like died across the water from new york, so it was just like great. But initially people were like partying and stuff like that and I'm just like you do you uh work has been bad um and now I'm like uh maybe I should just build up some skills otherwise shit, you know, like I made some errors in respectful on how I chose my career or like introductory because a couple of years I was lost and the yeah, now it's figuring shit out properly. Yeah, mm That's yeah.
SPEAKER_L: no, I I'm questioning everything to like why am I work in an industry where it's so reliant on you know tourism or like you know these non essential
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: services,
SPEAKER_R: current
SPEAKER_L: like should I get a job like my sister, they'll always need, you know this role, so I don't know. But
SPEAKER_R: wow, it's
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: there,
SPEAKER_L: do you do?
SPEAKER_R: so I was working and allowed and yeah, I I didn't go to grad school, which is stupid and I'm sure a couple of years I was here and there and I was in India for like two years. And then yeah, that kind of, I was also working in like a restaurant to supplement my income, you know, if you don't have a graduate school education, you're not making anything. And so to those, both of them obviously are closed, you know, lad we have worked very segregated like uh as to how it's operating. So I'm like maybe actually learn how to code. It's because I never expected myself to become a like going to research nor did I expected to be interested in my doctor and meeting madam with my original career aspirations I guess. But yeah, it's been interesting, so very
SPEAKER_L: is it something
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: that you can do from home or is it stuff that you need to be
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: in that environment to really carry out
SPEAKER_R: but like part of
SPEAKER_L: happened?
SPEAKER_R: it was like a wet lap stuff so um and there is a computational portion but you know, they uh we don't have too much computational stuff so what that means because the computational so you can do at home America but it goes into it on the bottom from and it's many labs you have that, but if you're in the midst of a wet lab experiment from where you need to actually gather the data. Yeah, I'm just like, you know, I'm not exactly, you know, like the actual main investigator or like birth postdocs, you know, they decide a lot about, so I'm just like one of the drums effect essentially. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: So are you going back to
SPEAKER_R: Little bit
SPEAKER_L: school or did you go back or are you still trying to figure
SPEAKER_R: Your
SPEAKER_L: out
SPEAKER_R: part.
SPEAKER_L: what you are going to do,
SPEAKER_R: So I've been learning how to code, so
SPEAKER_L: relax?
SPEAKER_R: uh so I'm going to see whether that works out and uh you know like because it was like help me get into career aspirations that I'm personally interested in. Like I would like to work in like uh with animals or something like that, so that's always something. And so um you know, seeing if I can work with either a nonprofit or something eventually or something along those lines because like I I guess like software is very valuable in the sense that many industry it's needed across industry, wow. Yeah, that's kind of my take, it's like everyone needs you and you know, you know, there's already some sort of conformational bias that people assume you know more than you actually do based on how you are. You shouldn't be saying that but it is it is it is confident.
SPEAKER_L: mm I can I can understand that are like see that being the case. But I've never would have really thought about
SPEAKER_R: or whether
SPEAKER_L: because I mean what you're talking about sounds you know like okay computers and you know like you're sort of like computation and data coding and then you're like animals and like how does that even like
SPEAKER_R: Well it
SPEAKER_L: I wouldn't
SPEAKER_R: called
SPEAKER_L: die?
SPEAKER_R: like feel like initially my aim was to be home like a veterinarian, local wildlife veterinarian. So there's a lot of research that goes into for instance the people who like even like bioinformatics for instance or like any of these technology firms are you know even like a nonprofit, they do have to infer information. Sometimes some of them have their own research studies as well and they might need a little bit of help. But not every biologists necessarily has the skills with technology. I mean of course
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: makes
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: sense.
SPEAKER_R: internal tools that they've made, but they're not the most efficient or clear so we're still good. But like, you know, like now by incidences generally growing, but I don't know if I want to do that. So I'm going to see if I can figure that. I feel like, you know, the world is vast enough. So if you really want to do something, I was like, yeah, you can manage to do that. What about yourself? How did you end up going to Disney world like?
SPEAKER_L: Um it was mostly so I was a psychology major in college. Um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I really like history more than anything else, but it was too late to
SPEAKER_R: Given
SPEAKER_L: make it a history
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: major, like I don't want to stay in school longer than I have to and I'm like well I don't
SPEAKER_R: partner?
SPEAKER_L: really know what I want to do, so I'll just do this internship for you know, a semester. But then when I got there like oh this is really fun
SPEAKER_R: Never
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: heard
SPEAKER_L: I could,
SPEAKER_R: of,
SPEAKER_L: you know, started seeing like okay there's like people who have careers here, it's not just like college kids who work, you know during the summer, you know, it's like like a thing.
SPEAKER_R: And you know
SPEAKER_L: So I started working
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: there and I was like okay I did kind of well because I started getting like, you know like those little promotions along the way. And so I kind of just ended up staying for however long it now and kind of bouncing around because there's so many different roles within it, which is kind of cool because it's all one company, so you're still maintaining seniority within the company and like all the benefit of, okay, you've worked here
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: five years now or 10 years when I was like, it all kind of build a lot of options too. So you can like, I've spent most of my time, like in the theme parks themselves, but you could also be at a resort or you could do more administrative stuff. Like you could be their accounting team or human resources and like all within that same company, but you can bounce around. It's hard, it's easy to say that it's hard to actually do it because like, well, where are your five years of experience in? Yes,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: it's possible how often it happens, I don't know. But
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: last year, probably two years ago now, they made an announcement that Disney was going to pay for anyone if they wanted to go back to college or like to finish like a degree program. So I actually signed up for a Master's program, like if it's free, I guess I'll sign up. So I'm actually um 13 weeks away, I'm not counting um from graduated from my Master's program now in industrial organizational psychology, which I still don't really know how to describe when people ask me. I'm like, um it's like business of people I don't know. Um I don't know what I want to do with that either once I graduate, but I'm hoping that I'll find something and like, I know right now is a weird time just because, you know, some people are unemployed or furloughed or whatever is going on with everything else in the world, but I also feel like now is the time that a lot of people are taking a step back and questioning what they're doing. So I feel like there is a lot of movement even with like people who have Except career paths, they feel like they're establish like I don't want to spend the next 30 years in an office if it's not something I want, I want to follow my passion. So I feel like there is a lot of movement and I don't know what my passion is. Um but maybe I'll find it,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, fair enough.
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: I got that. So, Okay. So you're getting your masters, which is pretty awesome. Congratulations again, 13 weeks. That's that's
SPEAKER_L: so close.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No. Okay Okay where are you getting here from? Is it like come forward and it's all I'm
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: sorry?
SPEAKER_L: an online program, so I'm not sure how good it will look, but
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: I had to do a lot of homework, I write a lot of papers. Um But yeah, they just had a series of online colleges that offer different programs and the one I chose actually a real school, I guess, like a brick and mortar school in Nebraska. Uh I never heard of it, it's called Bellevue. No idea. Um But they also have a pretty extensive online program as well, but then they also have like, there's local colleges here, like the University of central florida and you can do their programs in their classes as well, just kind of depends on what diploma, what options looking for for me. I
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: was like, I couldn't schedule like classes plus my full time work, so I'm like online, at least I can kind of do it whenever I'm like on a day off, something easier. But it's not bad. Just I questioned my decision to do it all the time, like you don't have fun anymore, all you do his homework, but it's okay.
SPEAKER_R: it will hopefully pay off somewhere or the other is just like, yep, I just got that. All right, that additional promotion climbing effect I
SPEAKER_L: that's the
SPEAKER_R: think.
SPEAKER_L: goal, but we'll see.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah, but what you said is pretty interesting like I didn't know like I guess like I kinda got that impression but I didn't know like Disney with that internal and respectful account employees can get like promoted. I guess it's similar to some other companies like perhaps even like amazon which I've heard that similar things like you know like if people are there for a while, you know if you take stock of whatever training stuff they have there like Yeah. Uh
SPEAKER_L: no. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, you're good. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: That's pretty cool. That's quite cool business. I've been I've been to florida once and I was going to go to Disney World, so I I have no impressions in florida besides that
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: I think.
SPEAKER_L: not worth knowing. It's
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, my cousin went to college and for that I was telling her, you know, I don't know whether you're going to enjoy it, especially like, you know, like I I don't know, I mean she left, you can't, you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: mean florida isn't that bad, like there are very nice things so like it's nice being able to say I'm an hour from two different beaches, like the East Coast and the West Coast, so not that I go that often, but it is nice to have the option. Um I like the Kennedy space center. That's cool.
SPEAKER_R: yes.
SPEAKER_L: I can sometimes I'll be driving home and I'm like, oh there's a rocket launch and I can kind of see like the, like the shooting star that's on the streets, like the, like the line behind it as I'm driving, like that's cool. There's rocket going into space. It's like there are cool things I don't really like Orlando, I guess that's what should I should say. There's besides Disney World and the theme parks. I mean the reason we have jobs, I guess it's because of tourists, but that's all that Orlando is I feel like there's very few people who like live there and they grew up there and they were born there and their families there is like a very, very touristy town, which makes sense, but it's also really annoying like driving because no one knows where they're going and they are all over the roads or you go to a restaurant and it's all just like tourists, which is fine, but sometimes it's like you kind of wish you had more of like a like that stable crowd of people who live there and I mean I live here but yeah, I feel like sometimes.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. That's actually that's a rather fascinating front. Yeah. I can imagine my meeting people who actually remain in Orlando South. Um I'm not like Russia, do they like rick? You got involved with those tourist prices?
SPEAKER_L: Yes, and that's, I think that's part of it to everything. Like the cost of living feels very expensive, which I don't know what it would be like if I got out of Orlando like because either way I go I end up getting closer to a coast which then I feel like kind of up the prices as well.
SPEAKER_R: Where?
SPEAKER_L: But they feel like they can and when you go to the grocery store or like walmart or something, a lot of um international tour groups, when they come to our part the parks, they don't bring, they've been like empty suitcases because they know they're going to be getting souvenirs and like you know everything during their like two week long vacation, which means like walmart's always crazy because they're they're like we have to buy all the shampoo and all of like this for everything that they need. It's just like it's so crowded. I just felt like some space especially now notice it because we don't have those international crowds and I'll go to the store like there's no one in this. I'll do what I can feel like get through. So it's very weird like it's been so nice and now I'm like people are coming back.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You know, like the traffic has been like noticeable, you know, before it was like no tires are no, it's so quiet. It's nice now. Like the cars are coming in like I gotta wait across the street. Mm hmm,
SPEAKER_L: people are about again. Which is good. And the what? Now it's just hot but
SPEAKER_R: florida. Yeah, I can imagine. Right.
SPEAKER_L: it's pretty gross. Most of the summer it's 100 like it's 100 degrees, it's like 97. Um And then it's just humid and then it rains and then you're just like it's the feeling when it rains so much but the ground was still you know, 97 degrees
SPEAKER_R: first
SPEAKER_L: and then it only rains for five minutes. So all you just feels like the sti like billowing off the ground and you're like this is worse But.
SPEAKER_R: That guy. That
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: is not
SPEAKER_L: fine.
SPEAKER_R: what it is, what it is.
SPEAKER_L: I chose this life I guess.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's true. I mean, as long as you like what you do and it's giving me a good return.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's fun.
SPEAKER_R: And did you feel like there was any culture shock when you went from military? This is necessary to florida?
SPEAKER_L: not really Because I went from Kansas city, so I'm from like the city from the suburbs and it was basically just going from one suburb to another suburb, just more palm trees. Uh But I'm trying to think like the biggest stuff is just like some of the store brands like you start seeing, you're like, oh, I didn't realize that this was like a regional company. Like I always thought this is, you know, everyone went to this gas station at this grocery store, bought this brand of barbecue sauce
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: or whatever
SPEAKER_R: well.
SPEAKER_L: you like. It was a much more milk. That's what dairy products. I realized a lot are very localized and I didn't realize that or a lot of like liquor laws are different between states and not that I even drink
SPEAKER_R: Everything.
SPEAKER_L: hardly at all. But I remember when I went to the grocery store here, I'm like, wait, they don't have any alcohol in the grocery store. It's all like have beer and wine, but they don't have any like the hard liquors which is
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: like an our grocery stores in Missouri. Everything you could possibly want is just there within the grocery store and you can go to different stores, know what, I'm not going to do that, like I'm not putting in more effort but those kind of things that you start realizing like state laws and how they bury but all in all, not too crazy I guess
SPEAKER_R: Okay. So it was just like, oh great. Mhm. But uh, I guess I'm
SPEAKER_L: for.
SPEAKER_R: okay now. I think, I think thinking of like Minnesota or something to go on and make sure I got super cold. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: and that's I think that was a big change. It's just like lack of seasons because it's hot and then it's rainy and there's like two weeks where it's like 50° and that's cold. Like the locals wearing winter jackets and their ear muffs and their gloves and it's 50, it's it's pretty nice out like now, the longer I'm here, the more I'm like, oh my gosh it's so cold but it's a wet cold is how they justify it. So it's it's not it's just it's not cold at all. But like by miss seasons like seeing like the trees change and like those sort of things. I don't miss driving in snow or things like that though.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah, I mean, yeah, that that would get the money haven't exchanged with snow tires, making sure the ice melts our stuff.
SPEAKER_L: So don't miss that. But he was looking at so it's okay.
SPEAKER_R: probably haven't seasonal red rob. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: No and
SPEAKER_R: You know,
SPEAKER_L: I think if they did the state would be shut down. They wouldn't know what to do.
SPEAKER_R: I can imagine that happening because that's her like stories from other places and my friends are like, we have like we have shoot survivors, we have like six, no everything's still operating full time. You know like if that happened in new york, most places, you know like we have delayed openings that we'd be like clothes and say something, it's like no where opens
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I saw this like map and it was like 20 different maps to view the United States or something, I don't know. But one of them was like how many inches of snow it takes for schools to close. And so like. Like pretty much everything from like north Carolina south, it was like any
SPEAKER_R: first.
SPEAKER_L: snow shut down. But then like the further north you go and then I want to say it was minister like, like in Minnesota or Wisconsin michigan, like that area, it was like, or maybe even Alaska is part of it. Like 20 inches schools. So good. It's like from where I'm from like three inches was enough. But yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's what that's not bad. Like 3". Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, you can still walk in that fine.
SPEAKER_R: that's true. Got to hydrate.
SPEAKER_L: It's very important.
SPEAKER_R: Right, right. Yeah. Just getting that fine line before, like, you know, you the Supreme water, are you drinking too much?
SPEAKER_L: Exactly. I've started, I've very bad during like the furlough because I'm like, I'm not doing anything. Like we're like when I'm at work and we're outside, like you're constantly sweating so I'm like okay, I'm always drinking. But now I've discovered because we are so at work were wearing face masks and then we're also wearing shields were covered. Um and then they make sure you sanitize your hands before you like
SPEAKER_R: Seven
SPEAKER_L: remove your mask
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: or drink water or like, you know all this stuff which is great, but
SPEAKER_R: Let's see.
SPEAKER_L: when you're wearing all these layers and now you're trying to drink water and you're like, I have so many things and you're trying to like good stuff, but also without taking it off that way, you can still be safer out other people. And I'm like this is so much harder than it should be, which I'm doing it right, It's so much harder. But I also realized I've been drinking more because it's a chance to like take the mask off for like three seconds because it's so hot under it
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: when
SPEAKER_R: am,
SPEAKER_L: you're outside and it's raining, you're like fresh air just for a minute and then you're like okay back over, but very important to drink.
SPEAKER_R: that I agree with that. I mean I'm just watching like the mona mask and like if I go indoors, like I won't, I met my friend and you know, you're appropriately like this in so we work for a mask. He initially was not one of the mass sounds like you should wear a mask. And so like we were inside like, you know, like I was supermarket and then like sort of a good half an hour. And then we were walking around for a bit and I realized, I felt like absolutely, I never felt like this before, like, you know, like I've had time when I exhausted myself, obviously could never to the point where, you know, you can get air and the moment I was like, oh, maybe it's lowered and I was like, wow, that's, it's a palpable difference. I
SPEAKER_L: which
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: like, it's definitely not pleasant to wear, but I'm like got to do my part, so I'm glad that right. I mean I feel like every single day I see another like announcement where this state or this county or the city is requiring them now, so like at least people are realizing that it's important and it's not just a, you know, it's not a political thing to wear, it's a this is a saving technique, like a health safety, I mean that's what it is, it's saving people hopefully. So just
SPEAKER_R: I think it looks pretty bad in some states. My friend had grown from California to, I think charlotte. Yeah. So, um, so you're telling me as you're driving and you have to go throughout texas as well and then parts of the midwest, if you warriors mask inside, people would get offended. And he was just like, you know him and like he went with his girlfriend and they were both a little awful about it because you know, it's open carry. So like I don't want to offend anybody.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Oh no. Mhm. I went home for a month like during the furlough, so I went to Missouri during for june and it was weird because I, not everyone in florida was wearing masks but like a good amount of people. But then I went to walmart with my mom in Missouri and I commented where I'm like do people that wear masks
SPEAKER_R: Their
SPEAKER_L: here? And
SPEAKER_R: number.
SPEAKER_L: she's like, oh, I felt like there was more people wearing masks than normal. And I'm like, I felt like there was like comparative at florida. I'm like, wow, florida was kind of doing something, but the longer is like throughout the month, the more I started seeing them. But the end of the month, like last week I drove back to florida with my mom and I, we were in Tennessee. I like, because I don't think anyone in Tennessee was wearing a mask because we went to like rest stops and like, nope, no one here. We went to arrest. Like we picked up food, like, like a walk up, but No one was wearing at home. Like that's like it's not here, is it? You do not have cases here. Like, I don't know. It was very weird like to see like how much it changes regionally too my season.
SPEAKER_R: I feel like it probably happens with people like government officials and also probably housing news is distributed through those big local news channels maybe. I don't know. And then people are stubborn. You know, they will see that this is like some sort of hoax or something. And I'm, I'm a little cycled by that. Like it was very simple math you have to wear, but yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Um I saw someone online because like they're like, you know, I'm not against wearing masks, but I think it's really, I don't think they should be required because they're, you know, some people don't have the money to pay for a mask. Like you can probably make one out of a t shirt or
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: a banana or a scarf. You don't have to spend money to buy a $20 face mask. Like I I don't think that's much of an argument, which I guess maybe I don't I don't know her her story and maybe she doesn't have those resources. Like I don't think it's that was a financial burden to
SPEAKER_R: There.
SPEAKER_L: do that. But uh apparently it was for
SPEAKER_R: We think that you can get a renewable machine particle like mass for under $5 fine and or you can do with your T shirt. That's what I initially did. I just like go on my really old t shirts. I was, I just kept around just like, why not? And so I could just cut it up and I was like, okay, before I get my mask. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: it works like it's it's just something, right? Just whatever you want to do is fine. But
SPEAKER_R: I'm gonna muscle unreasonable that my mask, I do have to say that like it's a black shooter. Yeah, I saw a lot of people just like, you know, around, you know, areas because they started opening some spaces or like, you know, restaurants were doing take away and then they were doing like drinks. I didn't know like that, this wasn't the thing that was happening everywhere. But like apparently here you are allowed to, you know, like the bars, the restaurants were like decide drinks to go and people were just like drinking or large groups right outside, like not giving a shit up. Like, and this is like much earlier. I mean not even now, this is like earlier when we knew New Jersey was like number two in the country and I'm just like, you know
SPEAKER_L: now,
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: the fuck up.
SPEAKER_L: know?
SPEAKER_R: But yeah, I mean it's depressing, but it is whatever it is every day when you hear random things and you're just like, I don't even want to like verify this, you know, looking for this at this point. You know, it's too much. Yeah. But uh
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. How do you like working for good news?
SPEAKER_L: it's good. I like it, it's there's a lot of fun perks with it. Like we're gonna go to the park for free, which is cool. Um
SPEAKER_R: that's funny.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know, like I always grew up loving Disney movie, like you know the stories or whatever and I remember when I went to Disney like the first time I was nine, so like I have like all these like positive memories of that trip, so it's cool to be, you know, working and then all of a sudden I'll see someone who's kind of looks like my sister and I when we would have gone to the park for the first time in getting to see you know how excited they are to be going on this ride or seeing like this character and like you know, like I was that person and now it's like that kind of thing that gets you know, shared between generations and stuff. So that's I think that's cool. It has like there's definitely like an emotional take away where I think, you know, a lot of rules can be very like, you know the burnout of like how the stress maybe even like the the routine of it but and there definitely is some of that too, especially when it's hot or like you have like, you know, an angry guests but then there's always that like positive moment that helps to balance it. Or maybe even outweigh the more negative because you're like, yeah, but we made magic
SPEAKER_R: First.
SPEAKER_L: for that family or especially um it's a very common trip for like the make a wish families and so getting to see, you know, these kids get to come to the park and you're like, I'm happy there. They couldn't mean they could have chosen any thing to do and they chose to be here and you're gonna be a part of me very briefly because you want them to do everything else. But you're like for a moment I got to be a part of like that special memory that their family will get to have. So definitely has those like heart like moments. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: that was somebody else in
SPEAKER_L: I like it. Yeah. See
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: then. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Well it looks like there's like all those like step by step, like instructions on like the main sheet. Sounds like let me try it like this right? It looks like we've at least we've covered the required time frame that they suggested to. So we are we are golden now. Do whatever.
SPEAKER_R: that is true. Archiving is as an aside.
SPEAKER_L: For what? No.
SPEAKER_R: I I just like run it over and I was like, oh, it's just as archiving on if you go over like your own. Um but the the square that has an image. Well,
SPEAKER_L: They're they're saving it for whatever they do
SPEAKER_R: whatever.
SPEAKER_L: with it. All right. I bet you can't I don't know how interesting it would be to listen to other people's conversations. Especially
SPEAKER_R: now.
SPEAKER_L: if it's someone like because at least like when you're talking
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: it's about something hopefully you are interested in. But like who's the people listening here? Like, wow, because they want a more dull top, you know? Like,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Just like, man, I got to thank. Okay, carry
SPEAKER_L: like oh
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: club.
SPEAKER_L: said this word
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: so many times. I don't know, they're looking at but
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. This is a second heart business. All right. Yes. You have not. Okay. So yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. I don't know what they're gonna do with this information though. I I guess I looked at him interaction, interaction. I have no idea why in the world what they're actually going to use any
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Be interesting to see. Um Because I don't remember like I did this two
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: months ago now, maybe even three. So I don't even remember it. But I remember like after this there was like a series of questions where you kind of talk about the conversation you had. I'm just glad that like the first time I had the woman I was like paired up with, she was there and she like you're here this time. And I'm like how long you like both of my conversations like had a person because she said that she had had one or two different sign ups where the other person didn't show up. And I'm like uh that would be, I mean on one hand you're like okay I guess I got out of having like an awkward conversation but on the other hand like how to make some money.
SPEAKER_R: She did like the video like $1.50 for her time. So there's
SPEAKER_L: but I'm
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: like you could have made it $15. Like you could have really been rolling.
SPEAKER_R: that's true science. So I don't understand that multiplier because you're supposed to wait five minutes and you know, that's 25 ft 20% of the time. Right. Anyway, so you do think that there would be 20% of the actual avoid, but I guess they can't do that and have enough funding for that.
SPEAKER_L: At least it's something that you tried. At least like I showed up I was on at the right time, my other person just forgot or didn't care. Probably forgot. But
SPEAKER_R: For now. Okay. So wait, so once we are done with this, how does that go? Do we just go onto the other hand and continuing or
SPEAKER_L: So I think once you like if you go back to like the original survey page where like that all the instructions, I think there's just like the next button
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: and it will take you to the series of questions that you can just go to because that survey still going on in the background although
SPEAKER_R: Imagine
SPEAKER_L: I wonder prolific. Oh no they didn't. Um or is that what you are doing this through prolific. Um So I did a survey like two weeks ago and I was so angry at it because it was like A brief like one minute survey or yeah I think this is one minute survey and I'm like okay cool easy and it was like $2 and like that seems really high but sure I'll take this one minute survey so I go to it and it's like this survey will consist of 11 recorded questions and each answer needs to be at least 30 seconds long and it was just like like a mock interview kind of thing. And I'm like okay that's kind of stupid. It's definitely not one minute long but
SPEAKER_R: Product
SPEAKER_L: it's still paying $2 or whatever. Like that's compared to like the 12 cents or you know like whatever normal
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: wanted to be like I'll do it. So I set it up and like you go the first thing it does instead of taking that you like the like the demographic type of questions, it has you create a profile on this website so you're having to create an account with a password and then you're entering in all your demographic information and all that. And then it goes into like a practice interview where it has like a fake person asking you interview questions about working at a hotel and then you answer these questions that you are applying for the job. Which okay that's fine. Except because they told prolific it was only a one minute survey. There's, I think a one minute survey has a Like a 12 minute timeframe where you can answer before it times you out because you aren't answering it fast enough, but at least 30 to 60 seconds of a response with 12 questions plus creating a profile and I'm always an overachiever and I went more than 30 seconds By the time I finished it had been like 12 or 13 minutes and I said you didn't finish this in time. You've been like um timed out. And I'm like, yeah. Uh So I sent the company and message and like, you know, I don't care if I don't get paid for because I got timed out like whatever. But you should probably change this because I'm guessing most people are going to get timed out and you're not gonna get any data.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: And then I reported the survey. All right.
SPEAKER_R: That actually might even their goal they might have been looking for like mine, all your data, get all your information without having to pay you.
SPEAKER_L: Well they did they didn't go and I answered stupid survey or interview questions about a job I knew nothing about.
SPEAKER_R: So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know how to work at a hotel.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I can definitely. I mean you could take it back to them. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: No, because it was just like, you know like how like when you look at the survey, it's got like a smiley face or whatever next to it. It was that. So I just clicked on it and just to like say like hey it wasn't as I think I said survey not as advertised. So I don't know if they like actually looked into it or not or how many other people would have, you know done that as well. But I did what I could. So.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Pretty much. It's like uh not worth fighting for but
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: I get to you. Yeah. But
SPEAKER_L: For $2 not worth it.
SPEAKER_R: I know people who would like even though like, yeah, they were like go aggressively. I haven't seen that. I'm just like mm a dollar chill out. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like I'm unemployed. I need that $2.40
SPEAKER_R: No, no, no. Yeah, I know some of these kids are like making really good money or something and I'm just like the dollar
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: separate
SPEAKER_L: fine. It took no
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: effort.
SPEAKER_R: right. And then yeah. For me, I I promised because I'm like, I got no money to pay in town. Mhm. This isn't fun. This is a lot better than I had envisioned. I don't know how this is actually going to go about to be frank. Oh there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, because you're like,
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: you have no idea like at least if you kind of had an idea of like who the other person is going to be beforehand, but like the complete unknowing
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: of is it going to be a boy is going to be a girl isn't
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: gonna you know younger because you can't even like preplanned, like uh you know, an outline of what to talk about because you don't know their interests or anything. So it's very interesting to see like how conversations just like I just grow organically, maybe that's what they're looking at. I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Perhaps. I mean, yeah. I don't know if you've ever done this. Like you're like, I I used it once or twice in high school and then I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: never used it.
SPEAKER_L: remember people talking about it like yeah, and I was like, it's kind of scared because I'm like, I think there's something really creepy people out there. I don't think I want to like accidentally go into that.
SPEAKER_R: That's why I never used it with a lot of weird. Like my friend was like, I want to do this. And then we were like, okay. And then we started going through and I was just like, nope,
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: I think like this one, like people are like, I mean they've already done previous surveys, I would assume more usually. So they seem to have at least some
SPEAKER_R: I mean, there's
SPEAKER_L: sweet
SPEAKER_R: an incentive
SPEAKER_L: necessary
SPEAKER_R: you want to make money and plus I give you the actually saying that recording information, you do something weird,
SPEAKER_L: they can figure out.
SPEAKER_R: we have your information.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah like uh yeah, so I was like, well we'll see what happens and then you I'm like totally weird. You can always just like close out the survey or something, but
SPEAKER_R: That was true.
SPEAKER_L: it's not real.
SPEAKER_R: Resin. You just signed a partner with the sun. Mhm. Mhm. Very response
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: possible.
SPEAKER_L: this is the worst conversation of my life.
SPEAKER_R: And that would be very hilarious. I just feel like this is awesome. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Well next time you sign up for like when I asked talked about the repeat, sign up and see how it goes and you can be like okay I'm gonna be that person who just like nods and
SPEAKER_R: No, no, no.
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: you know.
SPEAKER_R: need a I need that. Love you. So this is this is very good returns. I mean compared to any other survey provided they're thinking for more information. So who knows? Well, I'm actually going to inquire as to whether you're taking from this if it's like going to like one of those like weird ai program like uh companies and that's probably not something I should be here and it's not
SPEAKER_L: Kind
SPEAKER_R: good
SPEAKER_L: of creepy but.
SPEAKER_R: second.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Mhm. Okay well let's say like Since we there is like a 20 minute like survey thing after this issue, do you wanna go over into that and start just doing the final questions?
SPEAKER_R: Well, yeah. Do that.
SPEAKER_L: Because I was like, I was like this is a great talk, but this is what happened to me last time I got so into the conversation that in over an hour later I was like why am I still here?
SPEAKER_R: like I was like, okay. You know, it's a great conversation. It's actually quite nice because you know, I enjoy meeting new people and there's no something you can learn from somebody. Obviously, you know, there's going to be like some reluctance which is like this is a brando that or the internet, but sometimes, you know, you get to learn something that will say something that you wouldn't say to necessarily something, you know, But like, well because they really think that you would say to a stranger, he never to say to some of you know, uh
SPEAKER_L: I can tell them my secrets
SPEAKER_R: never
SPEAKER_L: because we're going to tell
SPEAKER_R: going to see you again. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: You know, maybe I would have florida one day.
SPEAKER_L: There you go. I'll be probably still here. Well, it was very good talking to you and I hope that you finish your coding and you kind of find that niche that you're looking for with your future with your research in the lab that you're doing.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. And dude, like again, congratulations. 13 weeks, 13, correct? Yes. And you've got your masters and you know, I hope like, you know, you get to progress through business or like whichever path you want to take, this is pretty awesome, you know, and
SPEAKER_L: thank
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: you very
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: much.
SPEAKER_R: an inky job like interacting
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: with how many people does not sound easy. So focus, you know, schools
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: and this and to be hearing, it's essential to, sorry, dining this up, but there's like, you know, it brings joy for a lot of kids. I just some adults obviously, you know, when I want my dad, not my dad, but
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: we had a lot of people, but okay, let's let's let's get on to saturday.
SPEAKER_L: All right. We'll have a great evening. Bye bye.