Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Well. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Well. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Hi. Oh
it's working. Yeah.
Um It's weird. I've
actually done the one like this before because when I saw the survey was like repeats wanted and I was like okay I've actually done this before like The end of March Maybe. So it was kind of weird. But I mean I ended up talking to the person that I spoke with for like an hour, even over
instead of the 25 minutes and I'm like you know I don't know why I did that. But
it was
not bad. Yeah.
How how do you feel about it? Have you done one like this before
and
her?
Yeah. I'm interested because like I'm not sure what they're like what part of the conversation we're looking at. Is it like the topics or how do you have a conversation with people you've never met or how people find similar? I don't know, I'm sure that's the point of surveys, but yeah.
So um where are you from? Yeah.
Um from Missouri Kansas city, but I've lived in florida for six years now.
it's weird
because
I mean I'm not a Floridian so I can trash it all I want. Um I live here uh Floridians don't care about anything
particularly other people, it's how it feels. Um and they just deny there's anything going on, so no one's doing anything differently than they were
last week or two weeks ago and I'm just like uh why why is this happening? Why is it like why are we why do we not care? And no one's like the county, like some counties are taking action, but the state as a whole isn't. So it's just like, I
don't know my work location
just opened.
So I started I was furloughed for three months. I just started working on sunday. Okay so
that's excitement
kind of I'm excited to be back with work friends and stuff but not as excited because so I work at Disney World so I know that I'm gonna be surrounded by thousands of people every day because even though it's a reduced amount from what it normally is that still hundreds of people going to come into contact with. And I'm like uh
I mean they're doing everything
they can like they've given us lots of safety precautions and you know they've done so
much already
just to make sure
we're gonna be doing all we can but that doesn't mean that every guest and every other cast members gonna follow those guidelines. So it's kind of we'll see.
that's why I moved down here. I did an internship at a college and then I just stayed
Yeah, that's cool, like I like talking with people and interacting with them, so like that's the fun part
until you know like something
crazy happens
and
you've ruined everyone's vacation, which was never your problems because they don't know how to read or plan or do anything, but it is obviously my fault,
but um well, so you mean you said you were from new york, so you've kind of been, where
are
you still in new york? Is that where you live now?
no, I I'm questioning everything to like why am I work in an industry where it's so reliant on you know tourism or like you know these non essential
services,
like should I get a job like my sister, they'll always need, you know this role, so I don't know. But
what
do you do?
is it something
that you can do from home or is it stuff that you need to be
in that environment to really carry out
happened?
So are you going back to
school or did you go back or are you still trying to figure
out
what you are going to do,
relax?
mm I can I can understand that are like see that being the case. But I've never would have really thought about
because I mean what you're talking about sounds you know like okay computers and you know like you're sort of like computation and data coding and then you're like animals and like how does that even like
I wouldn't
die?
that
makes
sense.
Um it was mostly so I was a psychology major in college. Um
I really like history more than anything else, but it was too late to
make it a history
major, like I don't want to stay in school longer than I have to and I'm like well I don't
really know what I want to do, so I'll just do this internship for you know, a semester. But then when I got there like oh this is really fun
and
I could,
you know, started seeing like okay there's like people who have careers here, it's not just like college kids who work, you know during the summer, you know, it's like like a thing.
So I started working
there and I was like okay I did kind of well because I started getting like, you know like those little promotions along the way. And so I kind of just ended up staying for however long it now and kind of bouncing around because there's so many different roles within it, which is kind of cool because it's all one company, so you're still maintaining seniority within the company and like all the benefit of, okay, you've worked here
five years now or 10 years when I was like, it all kind of build a lot of options too. So you can like, I've spent most of my time, like in the theme parks themselves, but you could also be at a resort or you could do more administrative stuff. Like you could be their accounting team or human resources and like all within that same company, but you can bounce around. It's hard, it's easy to say that it's hard to actually do it because like, well, where are your five years of experience in? Yes,
it's possible how often it happens, I don't know. But
last year, probably two years ago now, they made an announcement that Disney was going to pay for anyone if they wanted to go back to college or like to finish like a degree program. So I actually signed up for a Master's program, like if it's free, I guess I'll sign up. So I'm actually um 13 weeks away, I'm not counting um from graduated from my Master's program now in industrial organizational psychology, which I still don't really know how to describe when people ask me. I'm like, um it's like business of people I don't know. Um I don't know what I want to do with that either once I graduate, but I'm hoping that I'll find something and like, I know right now is a weird time just because, you know, some people are unemployed or furloughed or whatever is going on with everything else in the world, but I also feel like now is the time that a lot of people are taking a step back and questioning what they're doing. So I feel like there is a lot of movement even with like people who have Except career paths, they feel like they're establish like I don't want to spend the next 30 years in an office if it's not something I want, I want to follow my passion. So I feel like there is a lot of movement and I don't know what my passion is. Um but maybe I'll find it,
but
so close.
It's
an online program, so I'm not sure how good it will look, but
I had to do a lot of homework, I write a lot of papers. Um But yeah, they just had a series of online colleges that offer different programs and the one I chose actually a real school, I guess, like a brick and mortar school in Nebraska. Uh I never heard of it, it's called Bellevue. No idea. Um But they also have a pretty extensive online program as well, but then they also have like, there's local colleges here, like the University of central florida and you can do their programs in their classes as well, just kind of depends on what diploma, what options looking for for me. I
was like, I couldn't schedule like classes plus my full time work, so I'm like online, at least I can kind of do it whenever I'm like on a day off, something easier. But it's not bad. Just I questioned my decision to do it all the time, like you don't have fun anymore, all you do his homework, but it's okay.
that's the
goal, but we'll see.
no. Yeah,
no,
it's
not worth knowing. It's
mean florida isn't that bad, like there are very nice things so like it's nice being able to say I'm an hour from two different beaches, like the East Coast and the West Coast, so not that I go that often, but it is nice to have the option. Um I like the Kennedy space center. That's cool.
I can sometimes I'll be driving home and I'm like, oh there's a rocket launch and I can kind of see like the, like the shooting star that's on the streets, like the, like the line behind it as I'm driving, like that's cool. There's rocket going into space. It's like there are cool things I don't really like Orlando, I guess that's what should I should say. There's besides Disney World and the theme parks. I mean the reason we have jobs, I guess it's because of tourists, but that's all that Orlando is I feel like there's very few people who like live there and they grew up there and they were born there and their families there is like a very, very touristy town, which makes sense, but it's also really annoying like driving because no one knows where they're going and they are all over the roads or you go to a restaurant and it's all just like tourists, which is fine, but sometimes it's like you kind of wish you had more of like a like that stable crowd of people who live there and I mean I live here but yeah, I feel like sometimes.
Yes, and that's, I think that's part of it to everything. Like the cost of living feels very expensive, which I don't know what it would be like if I got out of Orlando like because either way I go I end up getting closer to a coast which then I feel like kind of up the prices as well.
But they feel like they can and when you go to the grocery store or like walmart or something, a lot of um international tour groups, when they come to our part the parks, they don't bring, they've been like empty suitcases because they know they're going to be getting souvenirs and like you know everything during their like two week long vacation, which means like walmart's always crazy because they're they're like we have to buy all the shampoo and all of like this for everything that they need. It's just like it's so crowded. I just felt like some space especially now notice it because we don't have those international crowds and I'll go to the store like there's no one in this. I'll do what I can feel like get through. So it's very weird like it's been so nice and now I'm like people are coming back.
people are about again. Which is good. And the what? Now it's just hot but
it's pretty gross. Most of the summer it's 100 like it's 100 degrees, it's like 97. Um And then it's just humid and then it rains and then you're just like it's the feeling when it rains so much but the ground was still you know, 97 degrees
and then it only rains for five minutes. So all you just feels like the sti like billowing off the ground and you're like this is worse But.
That's
fine.
I chose this life I guess.
Yeah. It's fun.
not really Because I went from Kansas city, so I'm from like the city from the suburbs and it was basically just going from one suburb to another suburb, just more palm trees. Uh But I'm trying to think like the biggest stuff is just like some of the store brands like you start seeing, you're like, oh, I didn't realize that this was like a regional company. Like I always thought this is, you know, everyone went to this gas station at this grocery store, bought this brand of barbecue sauce
or whatever
you like. It was a much more milk. That's what dairy products. I realized a lot are very localized and I didn't realize that or a lot of like liquor laws are different between states and not that I even drink
hardly at all. But I remember when I went to the grocery store here, I'm like, wait, they don't have any alcohol in the grocery store. It's all like have beer and wine, but they don't have any like the hard liquors which is
like an our grocery stores in Missouri. Everything you could possibly want is just there within the grocery store and you can go to different stores, know what, I'm not going to do that, like I'm not putting in more effort but those kind of things that you start realizing like state laws and how they bury but all in all, not too crazy I guess
for.
and that's I think that was a big change. It's just like lack of seasons because it's hot and then it's rainy and there's like two weeks where it's like 50° and that's cold. Like the locals wearing winter jackets and their ear muffs and their gloves and it's 50, it's it's pretty nice out like now, the longer I'm here, the more I'm like, oh my gosh it's so cold but it's a wet cold is how they justify it. So it's it's not it's just it's not cold at all. But like by miss seasons like seeing like the trees change and like those sort of things. I don't miss driving in snow or things like that though.
So don't miss that. But he was looking at so it's okay.
No and
I think if they did the state would be shut down. They wouldn't know what to do.
Yeah. I saw this like map and it was like 20 different maps to view the United States or something, I don't know. But one of them was like how many inches of snow it takes for schools to close. And so like. Like pretty much everything from like north Carolina south, it was like any
snow shut down. But then like the further north you go and then I want to say it was minister like, like in Minnesota or Wisconsin michigan, like that area, it was like, or maybe even Alaska is part of it. Like 20 inches schools. So good. It's like from where I'm from like three inches was enough. But yeah.
Yeah, you can still walk in that fine.
It's very important.
Exactly. I've started, I've very bad during like the furlough because I'm like, I'm not doing anything. Like we're like when I'm at work and we're outside, like you're constantly sweating so I'm like okay, I'm always drinking. But now I've discovered because we are so at work were wearing face masks and then we're also wearing shields were covered. Um and then they make sure you sanitize your hands before you like
remove your mask
or drink water or like, you know all this stuff which is great, but
when you're wearing all these layers and now you're trying to drink water and you're like, I have so many things and you're trying to like good stuff, but also without taking it off that way, you can still be safer out other people. And I'm like this is so much harder than it should be, which I'm doing it right, It's so much harder. But I also realized I've been drinking more because it's a chance to like take the mask off for like three seconds because it's so hot under it
when
you're outside and it's raining, you're like fresh air just for a minute and then you're like okay back over, but very important to drink.
which
is
like, it's definitely not pleasant to wear, but I'm like got to do my part, so I'm glad that right. I mean I feel like every single day I see another like announcement where this state or this county or the city is requiring them now, so like at least people are realizing that it's important and it's not just a, you know, it's not a political thing to wear, it's a this is a saving technique, like a health safety, I mean that's what it is, it's saving people hopefully. So just
Okay. Oh no. Mhm. I went home for a month like during the furlough, so I went to Missouri during for june and it was weird because I, not everyone in florida was wearing masks but like a good amount of people. But then I went to walmart with my mom in Missouri and I commented where I'm like do people that wear masks
here? And
she's like, oh, I felt like there was more people wearing masks than normal. And I'm like, I felt like there was like comparative at florida. I'm like, wow, florida was kind of doing something, but the longer is like throughout the month, the more I started seeing them. But the end of the month, like last week I drove back to florida with my mom and I, we were in Tennessee. I like, because I don't think anyone in Tennessee was wearing a mask because we went to like rest stops and like, nope, no one here. We went to arrest. Like we picked up food, like, like a walk up, but No one was wearing at home. Like that's like it's not here, is it? You do not have cases here. Like, I don't know. It was very weird like to see like how much it changes regionally too my season.
Um I saw someone online because like they're like, you know, I'm not against wearing masks, but I think it's really, I don't think they should be required because they're, you know, some people don't have the money to pay for a mask. Like you can probably make one out of a t shirt or
a banana or a scarf. You don't have to spend money to buy a $20 face mask. Like I I don't think that's much of an argument, which I guess maybe I don't I don't know her her story and maybe she doesn't have those resources. Like I don't think it's that was a financial burden to
do that. But uh apparently it was for
it works like it's it's just something, right? Just whatever you want to do is fine. But
now,
you
know?
Right.
it's good. I like it, it's there's a lot of fun perks with it. Like we're gonna go to the park for free, which is cool. Um
I don't know, like I always grew up loving Disney movie, like you know the stories or whatever and I remember when I went to Disney like the first time I was nine, so like I have like all these like positive memories of that trip, so it's cool to be, you know, working and then all of a sudden I'll see someone who's kind of looks like my sister and I when we would have gone to the park for the first time in getting to see you know how excited they are to be going on this ride or seeing like this character and like you know, like I was that person and now it's like that kind of thing that gets you know, shared between generations and stuff. So that's I think that's cool. It has like there's definitely like an emotional take away where I think, you know, a lot of rules can be very like, you know the burnout of like how the stress maybe even like the the routine of it but and there definitely is some of that too, especially when it's hot or like you have like, you know, an angry guests but then there's always that like positive moment that helps to balance it. Or maybe even outweigh the more negative because you're like, yeah, but we made magic
for that family or especially um it's a very common trip for like the make a wish families and so getting to see, you know, these kids get to come to the park and you're like, I'm happy there. They couldn't mean they could have chosen any thing to do and they chose to be here and you're gonna be a part of me very briefly because you want them to do everything else. But you're like for a moment I got to be a part of like that special memory that their family will get to have. So definitely has those like heart like moments. Yeah,
I like it. Yeah. See
then. Okay.
Okay.
Well it looks like there's like all those like step by step, like instructions on like the main sheet. Sounds like let me try it like this right? It looks like we've at least we've covered the required time frame that they suggested to. So we are we are golden now. Do whatever.
For what? No.
They're they're saving it for whatever they do
with it. All right. I bet you can't I don't know how interesting it would be to listen to other people's conversations. Especially
if it's someone like because at least like when you're talking
it's about something hopefully you are interested in. But like who's the people listening here? Like, wow, because they want a more dull top, you know? Like,
like oh
they
said this word
so many times. I don't know, they're looking at but
Yeah. Be interesting to see. Um Because I don't remember like I did this two
months ago now, maybe even three. So I don't even remember it. But I remember like after this there was like a series of questions where you kind of talk about the conversation you had. I'm just glad that like the first time I had the woman I was like paired up with, she was there and she like you're here this time. And I'm like how long you like both of my conversations like had a person because she said that she had had one or two different sign ups where the other person didn't show up. And I'm like uh that would be, I mean on one hand you're like okay I guess I got out of having like an awkward conversation but on the other hand like how to make some money.
but I'm
like you could have made it $15. Like you could have really been rolling.
At least it's something that you tried. At least like I showed up I was on at the right time, my other person just forgot or didn't care. Probably forgot. But
So I think once you like if you go back to like the original survey page where like that all the instructions, I think there's just like the next button
and it will take you to the series of questions that you can just go to because that survey still going on in the background although
I wonder prolific. Oh no they didn't. Um or is that what you are doing this through prolific. Um So I did a survey like two weeks ago and I was so angry at it because it was like A brief like one minute survey or yeah I think this is one minute survey and I'm like okay cool easy and it was like $2 and like that seems really high but sure I'll take this one minute survey so I go to it and it's like this survey will consist of 11 recorded questions and each answer needs to be at least 30 seconds long and it was just like like a mock interview kind of thing. And I'm like okay that's kind of stupid. It's definitely not one minute long but
it's still paying $2 or whatever. Like that's compared to like the 12 cents or you know like whatever normal
wanted to be like I'll do it. So I set it up and like you go the first thing it does instead of taking that you like the like the demographic type of questions, it has you create a profile on this website so you're having to create an account with a password and then you're entering in all your demographic information and all that. And then it goes into like a practice interview where it has like a fake person asking you interview questions about working at a hotel and then you answer these questions that you are applying for the job. Which okay that's fine. Except because they told prolific it was only a one minute survey. There's, I think a one minute survey has a Like a 12 minute timeframe where you can answer before it times you out because you aren't answering it fast enough, but at least 30 to 60 seconds of a response with 12 questions plus creating a profile and I'm always an overachiever and I went more than 30 seconds By the time I finished it had been like 12 or 13 minutes and I said you didn't finish this in time. You've been like um timed out. And I'm like, yeah. Uh So I sent the company and message and like, you know, I don't care if I don't get paid for because I got timed out like whatever. But you should probably change this because I'm guessing most people are going to get timed out and you're not gonna get any data.
And then I reported the survey. All right.
Well they did they didn't go and I answered stupid survey or interview questions about a job I knew nothing about.
I don't know how to work at a hotel.
No, because it was just like, you know like how like when you look at the survey, it's got like a smiley face or whatever next to it. It was that. So I just clicked on it and just to like say like hey it wasn't as I think I said survey not as advertised. So I don't know if they like actually looked into it or not or how many other people would have, you know done that as well. But I did what I could. So.
No.
For $2 not worth it.
Yeah. Like I'm unemployed. I need that $2.40
It's
fine. It took no
effort.
Yeah, because you're like,
you have no idea like at least if you kind of had an idea of like who the other person is going to be beforehand, but like the complete unknowing
of is it going to be a boy is going to be a girl isn't
gonna you know younger because you can't even like preplanned, like uh you know, an outline of what to talk about because you don't know their interests or anything. So it's very interesting to see like how conversations just like I just grow organically, maybe that's what they're looking at. I don't know.
I
remember people talking about it like yeah, and I was like, it's kind of scared because I'm like, I think there's something really creepy people out there. I don't think I want to like accidentally go into that.
Well
and
I think like this one, like people are like, I mean they've already done previous surveys, I would assume more usually. So they seem to have at least some
sweet
necessary
they can figure out.
Yeah like uh yeah, so I was like, well we'll see what happens and then you I'm like totally weird. You can always just like close out the survey or something, but
it's not real.
like
this is the worst conversation of my life.
Well next time you sign up for like when I asked talked about the repeat, sign up and see how it goes and you can be like okay I'm gonna be that person who just like nods and
just
you know.
Kind
of creepy but.
Mhm. Mhm. Okay well let's say like Since we there is like a 20 minute like survey thing after this issue, do you wanna go over into that and start just doing the final questions?
Because I was like, I was like this is a great talk, but this is what happened to me last time I got so into the conversation that in over an hour later I was like why am I still here?
I can tell them my secrets
because we're going to tell
Yeah.
There you go. I'll be probably still here. Well, it was very good talking to you and I hope that you finish your coding and you kind of find that niche that you're looking for with your future with your research in the lab that you're doing.
thank
you very
much.
What?
Thank you.
Thanks.
All right. We'll have a great evening. Bye bye.