All right. Maybe I guess. All right. Yeah.
Yeah. Pretty much. How do you feel a doctor's survey?
what? I don't
damn.
It's an enjoyable conversation with this.
Great.
Okay.
No,
I have never I thought okay, might as well you know, you know our information
is all out there anyway. If they identify us via face or you know local, I don't know. It's not really going to make any. You take me.
Yeah.
born and brought up new york and then moved around a lot. You know that was interesting. Yeah. What about yourself?
how's florida going? I mean florida is pretty bad at our
one
moment.
And
all
But I never thought whatever happened
credit
and
Mhm. Congratulations.
I don't know that you're well, I'm probably happy about that. Yeah.
Yeah.
Two
Better
people.
Wonderful.
Yeah, that's that's sort of we'll see how that plays that, I guess hindsight told me in a town. Yeah. Have you been working at Disney World for like six years, or? Oh,
wow, that's that's pretty awesome. You know, like I can only I have no idea how, you know, working there without, but you obviously get to me like a ton of people. Mm.
Well,
There was
little
personal.
Mhm. I want to.
there you go.
So
I'm living in Jersey City right now actually, well, both their Jersey and new york, Jersey was like number two, so I were like died across the water from new york, so it was just like great. But initially people were like partying and stuff like that and I'm just like you do you uh work has been bad um and now I'm like uh maybe I should just build up some skills otherwise shit, you know, like I made some errors in respectful on how I chose my career or like introductory because a couple of years I was lost and the yeah, now it's figuring shit out properly. Yeah, mm That's yeah.
the
current
wow, it's
there,
so I was working and allowed and yeah, I I didn't go to grad school, which is stupid and I'm sure a couple of years I was here and there and I was in India for like two years. And then yeah, that kind of, I was also working in like a restaurant to supplement my income, you know, if you don't have a graduate school education, you're not making anything. And so to those, both of them obviously are closed, you know, lad we have worked very segregated like uh as to how it's operating. So I'm like maybe actually learn how to code. It's because I never expected myself to become a like going to research nor did I expected to be interested in my doctor and meeting madam with my original career aspirations I guess. But yeah, it's been interesting, so very
good.
so
but like part of
it was like a wet lap stuff so um and there is a computational portion but you know, they uh we don't have too much computational stuff so what that means because the computational so you can do at home America but it goes into it on the bottom from and it's many labs you have that, but if you're in the midst of a wet lab experiment from where you need to actually gather the data. Yeah, I'm just like, you know, I'm not exactly, you know, like the actual main investigator or like birth postdocs, you know, they decide a lot about, so I'm just like one of the drums effect essentially. Mhm.
Little bit
Your
part.
So I've been learning how to code, so
uh so I'm going to see whether that works out and uh you know like because it was like help me get into career aspirations that I'm personally interested in. Like I would like to work in like uh with animals or something like that, so that's always something. And so um you know, seeing if I can work with either a nonprofit or something eventually or something along those lines because like I I guess like software is very valuable in the sense that many industry it's needed across industry, wow. Yeah, that's kind of my take, it's like everyone needs you and you know, you know, there's already some sort of conformational bias that people assume you know more than you actually do based on how you are. You shouldn't be saying that but it is it is it is confident.
or whether
Well it
called
like feel like initially my aim was to be home like a veterinarian, local wildlife veterinarian. So there's a lot of research that goes into for instance the people who like even like bioinformatics for instance or like any of these technology firms are you know even like a nonprofit, they do have to infer information. Sometimes some of them have their own research studies as well and they might need a little bit of help. But not every biologists necessarily has the skills with technology. I mean of course
there
are
internal tools that they've made, but they're not the most efficient or clear so we're still good. But like, you know, like now by incidences generally growing, but I don't know if I want to do that. So I'm going to see if I can figure that. I feel like, you know, the world is vast enough. So if you really want to do something, I was like, yeah, you can manage to do that. What about yourself? How did you end up going to Disney world like?
Mhm.
Given
the
partner?
Never
heard
of,
And you know
what?
Well,
Mhm.
No.
Yeah, fair enough.
I got that. So, Okay. So you're getting your masters, which is pretty awesome. Congratulations again, 13 weeks. That's that's
Yeah. No. Okay Okay where are you getting here from? Is it like come forward and it's all I'm
sorry?
No.
But
it will hopefully pay off somewhere or the other is just like, yep, I just got that. All right, that additional promotion climbing effect I
think.
Okay. Yeah, but what you said is pretty interesting like I didn't know like I guess like I kinda got that impression but I didn't know like Disney with that internal and respectful account employees can get like promoted. I guess it's similar to some other companies like perhaps even like amazon which I've heard that similar things like you know like if people are there for a while, you know if you take stock of whatever training stuff they have there like Yeah. Uh
Yeah, you're good. Yeah.
That's pretty cool. That's quite cool business. I've been I've been to florida once and I was going to go to Disney World, so I I have no impressions in florida besides that
I think.
Yeah, my cousin went to college and for that I was telling her, you know, I don't know whether you're going to enjoy it, especially like, you know, like I I don't know, I mean she left, you can't, you know? Yeah.
yes.
Okay. That's actually that's a rather fascinating front. Yeah. I can imagine my meeting people who actually remain in Orlando South. Um I'm not like Russia, do they like rick? You got involved with those tourist prices?
Where?
Yeah. You know, like the traffic has been like noticeable, you know, before it was like no tires are no, it's so quiet. It's nice now. Like the cars are coming in like I gotta wait across the street. Mm hmm,
florida. Yeah, I can imagine. Right.
first
That guy. That
is not
what it is, what it is.
Yeah, that's true. I mean, as long as you like what you do and it's giving me a good return.
And did you feel like there was any culture shock when you went from military? This is necessary to florida?
and
well.
Everything.
No.
Okay. So it was just like, oh great. Mhm. But uh, I guess I'm
okay now. I think, I think thinking of like Minnesota or something to go on and make sure I got super cold. Yeah.
Okay. Yeah, I mean, yeah, that that would get the money haven't exchanged with snow tires, making sure the ice melts our stuff.
probably haven't seasonal red rob. Yeah.
You know,
I can imagine that happening because that's her like stories from other places and my friends are like, we have like we have shoot survivors, we have like six, no everything's still operating full time. You know like if that happened in new york, most places, you know like we have delayed openings that we'd be like clothes and say something, it's like no where opens
first.
That's what that's not bad. Like 3". Yeah.
that's true. Got to hydrate.
Right, right. Yeah. Just getting that fine line before, like, you know, you the Supreme water, are you drinking too much?
Seven
or
Let's see.
I
am,
that I agree with that. I mean I'm just watching like the mona mask and like if I go indoors, like I won't, I met my friend and you know, you're appropriately like this in so we work for a mask. He initially was not one of the mass sounds like you should wear a mask. And so like we were inside like, you know, like I was supermarket and then like sort of a good half an hour. And then we were walking around for a bit and I realized, I felt like absolutely, I never felt like this before, like, you know, like I've had time when I exhausted myself, obviously could never to the point where, you know, you can get air and the moment I was like, oh, maybe it's lowered and I was like, wow, that's, it's a palpable difference. I
thank
you.
I think it looks pretty bad in some states. My friend had grown from California to, I think charlotte. Yeah. So, um, so you're telling me as you're driving and you have to go throughout texas as well and then parts of the midwest, if you warriors mask inside, people would get offended. And he was just like, you know him and like he went with his girlfriend and they were both a little awful about it because you know, it's open carry. So like I don't want to offend anybody.
Their
number.
I feel like it probably happens with people like government officials and also probably housing news is distributed through those big local news channels maybe. I don't know. And then people are stubborn. You know, they will see that this is like some sort of hoax or something. And I'm, I'm a little cycled by that. Like it was very simple math you have to wear, but yeah.
Well,
There.
We think that you can get a renewable machine particle like mass for under $5 fine and or you can do with your T shirt. That's what I initially did. I just like go on my really old t shirts. I was, I just kept around just like, why not? And so I could just cut it up and I was like, okay, before I get my mask. Yeah,
I'm gonna muscle unreasonable that my mask, I do have to say that like it's a black shooter. Yeah, I saw a lot of people just like, you know, around, you know, areas because they started opening some spaces or like, you know, restaurants were doing take away and then they were doing like drinks. I didn't know like that, this wasn't the thing that was happening everywhere. But like apparently here you are allowed to, you know, like the bars, the restaurants were like decide drinks to go and people were just like drinking or large groups right outside, like not giving a shit up. Like, and this is like much earlier. I mean not even now, this is like earlier when we knew New Jersey was like number two in the country and I'm just like, you know
what
the fuck up.
But yeah, I mean it's depressing, but it is whatever it is every day when you hear random things and you're just like, I don't even want to like verify this, you know, looking for this at this point. You know, it's too much. Yeah. But uh
yeah. How do you like working for good news?
that's funny.
First.
that was somebody else in
what?
Mhm.
Mhm. Mhm.
that is true. Archiving is as an aside.
I I just like run it over and I was like, oh, it's just as archiving on if you go over like your own. Um but the the square that has an image. Well,
whatever.
now.
No.
Yeah. Just like, man, I got to thank. Okay, carry
the
club.
What?
Yeah. This is a second heart business. All right. Yes. You have not. Okay. So yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. I don't know what they're gonna do with this information though. I I guess I looked at him interaction, interaction. I have no idea why in the world what they're actually going to use any
what?
She did like the video like $1.50 for her time. So there's
that.
that's true science. So I don't understand that multiplier because you're supposed to wait five minutes and you know, that's 25 ft 20% of the time. Right. Anyway, so you do think that there would be 20% of the actual avoid, but I guess they can't do that and have enough funding for that.
For now. Okay. So wait, so once we are done with this, how does that go? Do we just go onto the other hand and continuing or
what?
Imagine
Product
What?
No.
That actually might even their goal they might have been looking for like mine, all your data, get all your information without having to pay you.
So. Yeah.
Yeah. I can definitely. I mean you could take it back to them. Mhm.
Yeah. Pretty much. It's like uh not worth fighting for but
I get to you. Yeah. But
I know people who would like even though like, yeah, they were like go aggressively. I haven't seen that. I'm just like mm a dollar chill out. Yeah.
No, no, no. Yeah, I know some of these kids are like making really good money or something and I'm just like the dollar
separate
and
right. And then yeah. For me, I I promised because I'm like, I got no money to pay in town. Mhm. This isn't fun. This is a lot better than I had envisioned. I don't know how this is actually going to go about to be frank. Oh there.
But
that
All
Perhaps. I mean, yeah. I don't know if you've ever done this. Like you're like, I I used it once or twice in high school and then I
never used it.
That's why I never used it with a lot of weird. Like my friend was like, I want to do this. And then we were like, okay. And then we started going through and I was just like, nope,
not
good.
I mean, there's
an incentive
you want to make money and plus I give you the actually saying that recording information, you do something weird,
we have your information.
That was true.
Resin. You just signed a partner with the sun. Mhm. Mhm. Very response
possible.
And that would be very hilarious. I just feel like this is awesome. Mhm.
No, no, no.
I
need a I need that. Love you. So this is this is very good returns. I mean compared to any other survey provided they're thinking for more information. So who knows? Well, I'm actually going to inquire as to whether you're taking from this if it's like going to like one of those like weird ai program like uh companies and that's probably not something I should be here and it's not
good
second.
Well, yeah. Do that.
like I was like, okay. You know, it's a great conversation. It's actually quite nice because you know, I enjoy meeting new people and there's no something you can learn from somebody. Obviously, you know, there's going to be like some reluctance which is like this is a brando that or the internet, but sometimes, you know, you get to learn something that will say something that you wouldn't say to necessarily something, you know, But like, well because they really think that you would say to a stranger, he never to say to some of you know, uh
never
going to see you again. Mhm. Yeah.
You know, maybe I would have florida one day.
Thank you. And dude, like again, congratulations. 13 weeks, 13, correct? Yes. And you've got your masters and you know, I hope like, you know, you get to progress through business or like whichever path you want to take, this is pretty awesome, you know, and
it's
not
an inky job like interacting
with how many people does not sound easy. So focus, you know, schools
and this and to be hearing, it's essential to, sorry, dining this up, but there's like, you know, it brings joy for a lot of kids. I just some adults obviously, you know, when I want my dad, not my dad, but
we had a lot of people, but okay, let's let's let's get on to saturday.