later. For storm button.
Yeah. Alright. My car broke down side to fix. You'll get it later. Today. Should be done by now.
I
don't know, I don't know anything about cars. Could be anything wrong with it. They wouldn't know it wasn't turning on so.
Yeah, I'm Matthew, by the way. Matthew. Matthew.
Oh,
for your handshake? What
do you do?
Yeah. Okay. My door is open to make it recognizes. I'm printing something and the material I'm using is apparently toxic so I have to keep the window open. No, What do you do? Mhm.
What?
That's to shuffle things around a bit. I must the I'm a student right now. Yes.
It's going okay. Online classes aren't too fun but they're manageable. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. It's pretty fun. An english major right now. So
this for the focus on secondary education is going to become a teacher. Yeah.
Uh Probably not with kids are gonna be a second degree, so like we're still
kids. Yeah.
no,
everyone
look it's the audio part, kids are mean.
All
I always felt so bad for all my teachers put up with everybody. It's weird.
What made me I was originally gonna be a nurse, but I really wasn't terribly good to the anatomy. I got there. I got like easy one low A
and then my teacher came up and she was like, look really honest with you, you're way too empathetic to be in this field. You will not
make it. Which there uh So I was like someone help people start going to teaching and I just really like english. Yeah.
Well it sucks because for education classes were supposed to be going in classrooms and stuff, but we obviously can't do that. Yeah.
Yeah. Instead they have us like, we're doing one of two things, which I have to do both because I'm in multiple education classes. I have to watch videos of people teaching and then write a little short essays about them. And then for some will be assignment professor in our department and we have to help them with their research, which fortunately minds. Really. She got me a book to help. It's not like five of us. She's working on a Monsters and Literature. So she bought me like a really nice dracula novel
to work. Super cool. But it's like every white couple weeks she'll like email and meat. She'll be like, I need you to go find like all the instances of blah blah blah in this book and
I'm like, yeah, I don't even know her name.
Okay. The higher levels of english you get into, it's just the crazier and crazier it gets, it's more fun. It's weird because like this is this is my 4th 1 Doing this, like talking to someone to this level,
Yeah. But like every
single person I've talked to, they're like, are you going to be a teacher I'm related to? So, and so that's a teacher, Like everybody has one in their family. Hilarious. Ah
Old person. Then I had one girl that was younger than me And I just had a guy yesterday that was like in his 40s.
No, no, I
talked to had white hair,
thank
you very
much.
They
just
tried fresh page. If you refresh the page of greats, like everything. Yeah,
that sucks.
the first guy I had was so interested because it was like this old dude and I was like, oh cool. And it's like, okay, I don't know what we're gonna talk about, we're not gonna be able to relate about anything. And like, he was just so interesting. Like he did like coding for the Tomahawk missiles for the government and I was like, all right,
I don't even know. But he showed me his little drone that he had just bought into the flying around people, like such a cool old guy and it was like, I just want to talk to you all day. She really recalls. Yeah, I was very interested by all the cool things I have because for work because obviously the school isn't work, like have a job where people will send me their crappy little VR games for me to play test for them. Yeah, but
you
get so many bad games and
like yeah, there's so many bad ones. Like there are some where it's obviously just like they're testing a concept, so it's like bare bare bones, like you're floating in space and I just want you to interact with something just to see if like how it works and how people interact with it. But like, some people will send you like they're almost completed games. What do you think? What do you think? Like, you should be like, well it's it's not great, admittedly, I can't work on this and this list. Nobody, nobody likes to hear that. They always get kind of a little upset when you criticize them and then there are some thank you. There was one that somebody sent me the other day that just made me super duper sick
because it's like if there's not good stuff you get sick really easily, it's really fun. Yeah.
I have,
I'm
good at it. Yeah, I'm really good at lying to people, but I'm not very good at not getting caught doing things. I'll have people
like
doing the good food is I can usually talk my way out of most of the stuff, as long as nobody, like not as long as like happy people didn't see me do it, which happens too
often.
Yeah, I like it's so hard to get away with stuff. It feels like like if you're not going to lie and you're not gonna get away with anything
when the game the first great.
Yeah, mm It's really funny people and try to lie and just feel like, wait, that's not that you're obviously lying about this, but then no one believes you, so you just get killed anyway. Yeah.
The I don't know. I feel like the opposite. I like getting crew mate because I don't have to like worry about lying anyway. I just got to go do my tasks.
uh huh. You can't take it too personally. It is really fun though. Mhm
Well, um I'm trying to think of what game was played like most recently, I was playing one day that some playtesters sent me and it was just basically like, it's like Tetris almost, but you have to like actively do the Tetris, like putting back for like an hour.
like
all
your bucket to grab them and put into place. But it got like really fast. I was never going to touch us
and that.
And
it is, it's old, but it's fun. Um and then I hired an ocarina of time, but if it's like that that's
yeah. Yes. So A great thing about present for the past 12 years across cross platform game which means I can be sitting here in the New York headset and everybody else can be on their computers terrorizing me and it's terrified. I don't know. It just scares.
Yes, It's 1,000% less because like when you die, before we put a little hands over your eyes and it does a little Rippey thing, a computer that's like that's frightening but it's not like scary but when like the hands actually appear in front of your eyes and you can't do anything about it. It's terrified. Yeah.
This
We're fine.
Yeah. Yeah. Then the eyes come up.
Moment.
The best part of the VR is though, like if I get frightened, I can just take it off and I don't want it anymore. It was and then like, because the sound comes into the headphones so I can't hear them yelling at me to put it back on either.
Yeah, some of the games are like some of the arguments, like a bunch of exercise and then some of them are like it depends on what movement they have. Like for some of the games that wants to actively move around to move. And then some of them it's just like point point, point click and just stick around. That isn't really good because phasmophobia when you're on the computer, you walk really slowly. The are
you
can just
sit
around and run
away.
Yeah. You could move like reasonably quicker. It's not like ridiculous but it's much better. Yeah.
Mhm. Mhm.
Um it wasn't, it was it was called dracula Horror Stories.
I
didn't know what to expect with it but I immediately accepted the job because dracula, I love dracula and it was basically like I put it on, I got this really nice title screen now super impressed and I pressed play and it's basically just like a bunch of artwork that you can kind of like three D. Artwork that someone's obviously drawn in the three D drawing app and you can interact with stuff and move it around and it just seems in dracula with the audiobook playing overhead and it was super well made and it was just like really interactive fun and like
I was already
so they give you like tasks to do, which the task for this one was just, it was an hour long thing, so I got paid like a little bit more and it was just listening to the first hour of dracula and if you experiencing technical issues, press
the button your thing so we know to report and like I didn't find any issues, like I found things that like, because basically if you hold the button down and we record your voice and you can say what you found for all, so I would be like this and this kind of looks like it didn't touch correctly, but I could tell so stuff like that, but it was really well made, no super enjoyable and the art was just so pretty like iconic scene and like Jonathan parker sitting on one side of the table and dracula sitting on the other side of the table, and dracula goes, oh I did not drink wine, Just a dumb line when you read it. But it's like this kind of like to do dramatically sitting in this well lit a little piece of artwork with the super nice table with stuff on it, you can just pick up and throw around the room, trashed the room and stuff that float back. It was super well made, no super impressed. And then like I commented that I didn't do anything back from K and get their reviews. So I was like okay because they're not going to contact you back.
So it depends on the time, On average, I get like $10 for one I do and I have to do it for like 25 minutes for the tractor video for an hour. I got $25. It's nice. Uh But yeah, if they give you like a super long one or it's like something, we have to do a bunch of active stuff then that could be a bit more money But other than 10 bucks Like it was like maybe two every week.
biggest issue is if they don't particularly like like your review of the game or they feel like you really test it, then they will pay you and they'll give you a bad review and then
once you get
a bad review you got to feel it.
Like I did actually try.
Yeah but it gets like reviewed so like if they if they say we're not going to pay you and we're gonna give you a one star rating, it goes straight to like the business that it runs through and they reviewed the footage of because it's recorded, they review it, see if I actually did the things they said I didn't do and then if I always do like website pays me and then they get their test remove. Yes.
What?
screening for it almost through the headset. The hardest part is they're really picky about whether or not they can hear you and sometimes you take the head set off and the common like computer and the microphone is on the headset so you have to hold the headset right there while you're doing it. It's
fun.
Oh it was pretty easy once you get used to the headset like taking on the office and disorienting anymore. Yes it's
super.
I have a dog. She's somewhere I don't know where she's, her name is Cora. She's hiding. I don't know how she tied. She's quite big. Probably over there. Mixing.
Oh she's she's very big bitch. Um
Like she
weighs
1 40 I want to say. And I would
yeah. Um She's my roommate's dog. She's kind of because he really wanted a dog and I was like, okay, it'll go get like a little tiny like God, okay this dog that can tear my arm out of the socket. And I was like, okay,
we
don't know. She's like, she's a mutt. She's got a lot of different things in there. Everything. Yeah.
The general consensus is there's a lot of lab maybe like a very small amount of pit bull and then lot of other things. Yeah. She's
calm,
It's.
I love cats
because they're always like peculiar. It's like one second they'll be like pick me, pick me up, pick me up in the middle, like you'll pick them up and they'll be like, I don't know, you wanna put me down.
sir.
I I look at so much I wish you'd never get.
No, my roommates electric. Mhm. Uh huh.
It doesn't stop me from like occasionally fostering getting stuff. Yeah.
Yeah. He's not he's allergic to like the big cats go and then they don't give off dangerous so like we'll keep like like a month and a half and then taking a
option.
So there is a animal shelter near us that just has kittens and then basically they just give them out because they can't keep them in the shelter and then after a month and a half, haven't gotten them adopted, the shelter will just take them and they become a shelter cat up for adoption. But yeah, it's really fun.
So they give you they give you a really big bag of food and they cover all the medical process and they give you $100 to buy like toys and stuff for them.
You run out of food don't get anymore.
What?
No.
A little a little orange tabby foster an integer. Which it was, it was the way that we got. It was crazy. Like I was outside doing yard work and I see this big orange tabby cat like that I've never seen before. Yeah pad up to me. I'm like hi and then it just drops this kidnapped like this orange little kitten on my feet and then just walks away and I was like like
for kidding. Yeah like this little and then like it grew up and it was triggered and good.
Yeah. Like I was so confused.
Like I went inside holding this like new like still like wet kitten and I was like guys, I found a cat. But yeah, like once you start fostering it feels like you just see kittens everywhere all of a sudden.
Yeah. You should be careful fostering because like you get so attached so easily and then they're like, okay, let me go. But my sister is a cat right now that we fostered together and it's a failed boxter could she we would take him to adoption day and he would just hiss and scream and like banging his head against the kid until there was a blood on his nose and then we get there and be like hey and like rub up against us and just like the super lovey dovey and then be like and like, so we can not get rid of them. Yeah.
the only one my sister was going to call him Hershey and started calling her. She however I thought that was a dumb name, so I called him Oscar until everyone else called him Oscar as well. Yeah, now his name is Oscar
it is, but I didn't know what the cat to have to suffer through the name Hershey his whole life.
it was originally in the litter. There was one little brown cat that they named Hershey and he was supposed to be like Eminem I think, but they got the papers mixed up so he ended up being her, she and the other one ended up being Eminem, I was like you're not gonna not gonna call him, that doesn't even make sense. So I just, they would always call him hurt you. And I always call him Oscar and eventually Oscar just caught on a lot more.
This
I'm really pretty little miniature baby Yoda right now. In my credit.
Yeah. Making it as a gift for my friends.
it's super good. Yeah. Uh two minutes over our time. All right. It's been awesome talking to you.
I feel a great day.