Okay, thanks. Thank you what she had, have you? Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Hi. I was like, oh God, they're not gonna show up. Yeah.
So how was your day yesterday?
What
was wrong with?
And
Oh my name's Samantha, nice
to meet you
if
you're if you're screaming in the background, it's because my cats your scream.
I don't do anything. That's the that's the tough part. I used to be a massage therapist. Yeah.
And it was like super fun. I loved it a lot. But then Covid and it was like uh well maybe it's not the best time to be a massage therapist.
and how is that going?
wow. So college?
Oh wow, that's well,
God, I can never become a teacher just because of the kids.
Well,
I mean, I get scared because also my cousin's a teacher, well, she's already done with her training, so she's just like barely got her job yesterday And she's like, what? She's 25 of my belief and oh
my God, I'm afraid for
her. I'm like, those kids are just gonna attack her.
I know, I get so scared like, no, I'm like, I look back to when I was in school and I'm like the torture we put
the freaking teachers through
and what do you want to be committing terrorist?
Yeah.
Trip.
that's how you doing.
I have to be virtual.
No.
One
I was always good with english in high school. I'm not sure how I would do with it now. I haven't continued with college, so.
it's my my six, I think.
And
Yeah, I mean, barely, I would know what, because she's barely getting her job. She was training with other teachers and doing her own stuff, the tests you have to go through and I was like very surprised and like, I don't know, I need to see how she's gonna do. And my other chat partners, they were also interesting as well. I was like, it's a variety of people here. Think you're the first one that's like the youngest. I think I had a lot of oldies. Um
I think we might have had to have like right here,
no, I was
I talked to one person and he was like very old. I didn't
know how old
he
was, but he didn't know how to mess with his computer and when he started having difficulties, like he, we couldn't hear each other like, but ended halfway through it. I was like, God, I'm like so close, I can't hear you, I can't hear you like I can't hear
you
know?
so I tried refreshing, I was dumb, I refreshed and it just messed everything up
and then I had to reschedule and I was like okay, I'm like hopefully this time the thing malfunctions and then I got a really nice lady yesterday and she was good. She was probably the best check partner I had so far. Only because she she had like a lot of conversation in her, I mean it was good and whatever it's you
it's been allowed to say that.
It's
not
seriously.
Yeah.
so you play the game? Yes. Have you tried among us yet?
And
how
And
it
back
I just recently started playing and you know, I've been trying to find people to play with and when I found a group to play with and I was like, this is so chaotic. I'm like everybody's pointing fingers at everybody. It got terrible. It was like how huge it is. Like uh yeah, I did it. Yeah,
that
gets surprised me. It showed me who like really good liars are and I'm like
and then I like watch people like, like watching people play that game, like also you have those people on Youtube, that player. And it's like, it's I think it's more interesting to watch it. I try playing it like I guess just because of stress, like I hope to an imposter a lot of the time just release my anger out. Yeah.
Mhm. But that automatically makes more a victim and I'm like, I hate being the victim
and I'm just like, and I think throughout the whole time like someone's going to kill me so I'm going to kill me.
Everybody grab things and you put them
like
place.
it's
so, it's been a really old game. I remember playing it
on one, a little weird phones that were like that have buttons on them
and have you bleed a phasma phobia.
it worse than we are.
with the computer. I was already scared lenses. I played just one time
just and that was enough for me because I just I kept hearing noises. I have these noise canceling earphones and I'm like, oh, it's a good idea to use them. You know, I want to have fun and no, it was not. It was not good in a good idea. I
played with two people and they kept just trolling me. They were like closing doors and they're like making noises and I'm like young to stop, this is my first time playing. And no, like right then and there my flashlight started like turning on and off, and I'm like what does this mean? Like please, please. I'm like we were like outside beef outside High High, and I'm like what, what does that mean? I'm so confused. And
and then I just went in my ear the whole and I'm
like what is that noise? I'm asking them like hey someone's whispering, is that the ghost? And they're like we're not hearing whispering, and I'm like but it's right in my ear, I'm hearing stuff and they're like oh God, it was targeting.
I I thought it was interesting because I saw online the other day, someone had made a version of uh what was it among us, the VR I'm not sure if it's actually on VR but someone made like uh I guess like a fake trailer of it and it actually looked interesting and like people would get a lot of exercise with that thing. Like running a big map and doing tasks like that's a lot of exercise.
I
don't
think
so.
Are
you here? Are you serious? Like, I didn't know.
because I'm confused when I first played it. I was like, why is this so slow and like and I asked I'm like, why is this something like it's just me that way. Hold on, I gotta get the door right
with it. Have you Jenna? Mhm Thank you. All right. I'm back. And so what's probably the best game you've gotten that you've reviewed from people?
Jack
you up?
What
did you have to do in it? Was there like a goal?
All
Then about how much you get paid for? Like doing that stuff?
That's that's good. That's extra money. I mean that you get in your pocket, right?
Get
this.
But
they can actually do that like they can just not pay for any kind of reason.
And
is it like recorded like when you're reviewing it like this way they know when you did everything? Okay. That explains
but is
it like is it hard to like maneuver when you're doing that?
And
you know it's
She's smart
that
you
are?
that's big.
What kind of breed
is she?
that sounds cool.
I have,
I'm three cats and they're all very different. Like I have one boy and he's just he's the laziest little thing, but he's so needy with love. Like you can't imagine like every minute of the day just yelling yelling for you to pick him up and you know, carry him around. And then I have the other two, they're both girls or his sisters and they're all around the same
age, I think more or less. And the other two, they just they hate me. So where like the first one, her name is precious, she hates me, she'll bite me randomly and I'm just like screaming my head off and then the other one she tolerates me, she won't let me touch her, I've had her for a year and she's just like, she looks at me so ugly and I'm like, okay,
let's see,
that's the sad truth. Like they're very
high pol and there
you can have it.
Yeah.
you're able mustard.
How
do you feel like I don't want the process of it.
Mhm. Then like do they cover all the costs if there's something wrong with them?
Oh wow. And do they like keep providing like on occasion like for their food? And like
that's something I haven't thought of. Like I just keep adopting and adopting these.
They're all rescues. And I have had like, like they all have stories. So basically the first one I got her name is precious and her mother had gotten rand over when she was just a few days old and she was put on an ad on craigslist because a person bottle feeding her couldn't take care of her. They had to go to work. And I was like, okay, every time on my hands, like this is my chance to make a difference, you know? And so I raised her from a week old. She, she was very tiny. I had a potty trainer. She kept peeing the bed. So yeah. And then shadow my second She she was very fragile. She was abused a lot of the time because she was living outside of an apartment and the kids that had her, they would play with her, mangle her and throw her outside from
what I heard and I was like, okay I'm taking her home and like she could be someone's cap but I don't care. I'm like they're not treating her right. So I took her and then Tigger, my boy was a christmas baby. He came to me on christmas and I was like this is my christmas present mm it's time. And I was like I was making sure he didn't belong to anybody because I don't want to take someone's you know baby and no he didn't belong to anybody so is my present.
just dropped him and walked away.
that's weird.
Good.
That's crazy. Like after after all of those three I have not seen a single one and like come on let me start with their one where are you know they're like you've had enough and I'm like all right I guess. Uh huh.
So did y'all like ever end up keeping any that you factored or like
that's terrible
but that sounds like a cool name Hershey that that's not you know like that's not a bad name.
Well I mean that's good right now my mother in law has one named Yoda Baby Yoda and
it's like the most amazing Little Baby she had.
No way
mm Well I've never actually seen like the show where it came out from but I just keep hearing it a lot.
Yeah it's been as I'm talking to you too.
You too.