Uh huh. Well. Mhm. Okay. Uh huh. Like what have just dabble in conditions? Okay. Hello? Mhm.
All of you?
Yeah. Just a little
Kitchen I'm Wendy. I live in texas
central texas
Seletto. Just north Austin
Kitchen.
30 minutes
Bring
out. Yeah
that's
like the
mean
I've
never even
go down too often and we're like the country better these days.
Well yeah
which direction out from Austin Georgetown is getting crazy and even north of Georgetown
is
coming it's just
going
at some point. Yeah there's a gap between Georgetown and Gerald at the moment but it's growing it's growing you're
wrong.
All
Yeah it is. Now you just check the little uh toll road and go 100 miles an hour. Yeah
it's pricey but
you're
like 1995 so you're missing time.
the speed limit yes I'm saying I was always amazed that they actually made the speed limit that I.
Yes. Yeah. Well more yeah,
more than that. If it's rush hour for sure. The fastest where we are just out from there and you want to get to the airport
far faster than going to town.
Nice and quiet. Small town. Small town piece. No rush hour traffic.
Well, I mean you came around.
I work at the scattering center. So competitive
planes
and
uh, we shut down for a little over a month. But we just reopened last weekend. But I'm pretty sure they grew up in the state way too early so everybody's gonna come get sick. So.
I grew up in texas is still going up. They're reopening everything so. Yeah.
The rich
guys
are
just
worried
about
and
yeah, that was my community and it was like that.
hm.
Alright. For my catch
group.
But I don't want to college
in north Yeah. College in north Carolina grad school in florida. And then I moved to texas but often.
Well
I mean anywhere in the central, it's just traffic, traffic, traffic, cars, cars, cars, Yeah.
Some people,
Uh Yeah after we had a garden school, I got a job at UT. Running the computer systems for the Econ department.
So
Five years. And then I got a job at a high tech company, National Instruments for five years. And then I got burnt
out.
What what is kind of thing for a living? So income
a mass actually never used it for damping.
me go
for
ph
you know what amount?
I do. I thought
to myself a little stuff but I haven't I mean I've been have try quickly like that and started scrapping for living. I don't know it's you know a lot exchanged. I'm sure of the years there's still no alive but I'm not current on a lot of the fancy stuff.
I mean I was
always a unit which is mostly the same. Small stuff changes. Yeah.
Well I mean I jump out of airplanes so it's like, I mean
I mean
I can do some stuff. Yeah and I do you know I do the studies on the internet and stuff just for random extra cash on on board. But
The stuff on amazon mturk or whatever that doesn't usually prolific pays better.
Yeah. I mean you definitely got to, you got to get your numbers up. Once you get your numbers up you can get some good stuff but you know at the beginning it's definitely not all that great. I mean there's one dude, I don't know. Year or two ago. Yeah, probably two years ago. He was trying to teach um computers to be able to talk. And like just for months he pay like two or $3. You just had to sit there have like a 10 typing text conversation with somebody about whatever Wikipedia gave you. And I mean like 1000 bucks off that dude because like super good pay and literally I would just like with you but it is texting you know like oh what do you think about what they do in 1992 and. Oh really? Suffering with the people they're trying to teach machine learning or something.
Well
in a.
Yeah. Radio insight. They only email me like once a few weeks, but like I'm taking like $20 to answer like a 10 question political survey. Like okay. And they give it to your insulin, like a radio inside school.
We'll have a question
for
doing that.
Well, who else is doing that
radical?
what
alcohol?
What it
was during the quarantine? We have a we have a great brewery of literally a mile down the road. You know, there are no
the
small town, everybody knows everybody. We're great friends. But like they brew one of their actually most popular beer is one of the ones that don't can, but they were going to have a big music festival and then their four year old Brenner and three and some other big thing and then everything gets shut down. So then they had all this beer that was going to go bad if they didn't. Well they did growlers for like $6. A growler of this. Yeah for like two weeks and there's like five or six of us out here at the drops out. Yeah we do it like 44 wow. There's something
doing so bad.
Well it's just we don't even really was reef. You can get
refill
for six. Yeah it was just that that's you know what 64 ounces for six bucks which is and it's super good bear.
So yeah we drink.
Hairdressing.
Just killed our livers but we'll do our part.
I know that there's a little first town that you know especially at christmas time. Everybody was shopping at um similar fredericksburg. Not quite as big projects but Well
similar.
Yeah and Salido finally went with like four or five years ago so we actually can get alcohol having to join a club and all that stupidity.
our
county
is wet but all the cities have gone dry. I mean all the the county still dry but like the city's gone wet but like, so the gas station right beside us, it's in the county and the city, so it's still cancer so beer you know, but a mile down the road.
That so
stupid. So
stupid.
in
Dallas
you couldn't
get
20 club but the club is free so like it does anything
usually
around
here.
So yeah,
I didn't charge anything, it's free to join.
it's great. Yeah, that's like the most amazing pizza place I've had outside of Italy. But they're out in the county like they have to have this club where they face wipe your driver's license and join the club and oh it's, you know, they say it's a nightmare and they don't even make any money off booze because it's such a night, you know, and they always get hounded by the T A B. C. Because it's been a private club. So Yeah. Okay.
like out there, you know on Sundays before noon and yeah,
one.
Yeah. Well north Carolina when I was there in college they were between midnight and noon on sunday nothing was a lot to be open. Not a grocery store I swear.
I've
never
saw
them together and alcohol but wow,
that's
crazy.
Oh that's the in them at the drops in the sky diving center and that's yeah. My job scattering jumpsuits behind me. I shot here my little trailer
can the cat would have gone to great crazy. Uh huh.
yeah. He's a big boy. Yeah.
I would say you know all the problems that planes is when they crash, if you get up before they crash or good. Uh huh.
It's
fun. So
much fun. It's
even
better when
you go out there, fine. You're flying by yourself, You're not having
to rely
on your.
Are
your
parents? Uh huh.
And you get the video pictures
to prove it so
and
yeah, that's true.
I have a plan since I was a little kid and I was, I did my first jump, I was in grad school and it's exam week and
I felt like jumping off, I did two jumps. My first thing never
looked back. That hooked
quick,
quick.
Well I wish I could get a real job to pay for it more.
What's your out or? Not? Good you know once you're out there playing quick, go back you just enjoy it. Yeah.
What
I mean?
I
know
people
like one of our young jumpers, I mean she's got like 50 jump stuff but she was used to be scared to go over Britain and stuff and like now she's like talking you know sometimes. Yeah and
handle that
and
that's
funny.
Well you get
old, you know them anymore. I'm already old. Well well what have I got to lose?
and we take a 100 year old, it's like it's like, you know what?
that's cascading, keep your stretches out because you know I mean
it started almost 50 and started skydiving when I was 22. So then
Um Well we're about 20 minutes 15, 20 minutes north of Georgetown's about 30 35.
Yeah, we're right on.
True.
Wake
up to
Um The other tab says 32
minutes so I don't know there's
a zero inserted but I think it was like five or six now. Yeah.
No not really. I don't want to get that. I don't want to get that. I don't want to get this irish. I don't want what?
Insurance.
Yeah. It's just gonna it's gonna get crazy because it's only going up down here and they they've opened everything almost. Yeah.
Yeah. Just too many people not care and Yeah.
Thank
you.
You did
it.
Thanks.