Mhm.
Yeah. And how they go. And I'm trying to turn off my music here. Here we go. So you're early as well.
Mhm. Yeah. Alright. I get it. I guess we could get started. It's had it. Mhm. All right. Uh My name is Chris I'm in I'm in the ST louis area and um this is my second attempt at doing one of these chats, my partner yesterday was that no show. So we'll see how this goes,
who
it's my home state. We're in texas. Yeah,
I grew up in san Antonio, lived in Austin
in the two thousands. Um So yeah, I'm familiar. Most of my friends are still back in that area. My folks live in Georgetown, which is north, kind of far, far
north
Austin
very
familiar
with it. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, every time I go back it's completely different. Like downtown Austin, I don't even recognize anymore. Mhm. It's a
whole
different
town.
Well, I guess uh out there were you got like Lockhart and Luling a lot of people are moving out that way because it's more affordable from what I understand commuting in
Georgetown
is
crazy.
I remember
when those like flu Greville and and Leander and Georgetown they were all separate towns and now it's just it's city all the way through there and it will probably be that way all the way up to wake up at some point.
it
is. Well it's even that way south you know in high school and when I was a kid driving from san Antonio to Austin you would actually pass through legitimate town. So you actually in the country and the new Braunfels and then country and then san
marcos and now it's just like it's just solid city all the way through. It's not.
the Torah is kind of pricey. Uh but
sometimes
it's
right, you can miss the downtown traffic for sure. Yeah. Yeah
yeah I've been on it a few times, it's like 10, 10 or $12 to take it all the way from Georgetown down to it, was it down by buddha or something where it comes out something like that, Sometimes it's worth not sitting sitting on 35 for an hour
definitely.
that's
probably true. Yeah. Absolutely. Um Yeah I guess every time I go that way it seems like more is built up, although that airport area still hasn't changed too much but I would expect it to kind of grow some more too as more people move into their, yep Mhm hurry things up in Soweto. Oh
Yeah yeah uh growing up in san Antonio my grandparents and actually my you know the last few generations all lived out that way out towards a little bit farther south but they were in some kind of out towards Shiner and Branham and my my ancestors are all from that area but.
Right exactly. Uh So yeah I'm familiar with that whole east, it's not east taxes but on the way to Houston country areas a lot, lot out there but anyway, so what are you doing the Seletto?
how's
that been with the pandemic and
all that? How is that?
that's the big concern yeah that if we do it too soon, all of that quarantining and staying home will be throwing kind of out the window. Um
and yeah the infection rate and the mortality rate is still growing so I don't know why anything has changed that makes them think they can open things up because it's still progressing, it's scary. Yeah, very terrifying, we
think
we've
been
pretty
good.
Yeah, totally. Um I actually uh I got a it's a pretty old book on pandemics is from the early 19 hundreds, but it covers what they knew about pandemics in the late 18 hundreds. It's an old book. I got
it for free public domain, but they were saying that usually the second wave of a lot of pandemics historically has always been worse than the first. So everybody kind of rides out the first and then when it starts looking like things are getting better, they go back to normal and then it just there's a second wave that's way worse than the first because they rushed it. So
luckily uh here in the ST louis area, um they've done pretty good at, you know, early on making sure that people are doing stay at home orders and the kind of work I do my background is actually in theater. Um but there's not going to be any live theater probably until towards christmas at the earliest if at all. So yeah, so a lot of the work that I've been doing and can do is is
just working from home so I can write, I can do this graphic design work and um my wife's a librarian and so they're moving a lot of their library programs to like this like video chat, like zoom programs that used to be in the library. So I'm looking to do hopefully more of those just get on a zoom and read Children's books or teach writing or whatever it happens to be. So I'm not in any hurry to get back to you in the office or work environment. I've got the cat here, plenty of food, I can just stay here for months. So
yeah I just walked by he's got one eye and he kind of runs the place. Maybe he'll come back by here. But are you originally from the from texas? Is that where you grew up and on
brie
kenya?
I kind of did the opposite. I grew up in texas and I did my undergraduate internship at U. V. A. Uh in theater. Um So I moved back to that area in oh seven works for a big theater there. Um And work for their uh kind of they're all newspaper that like the free weekly newspaper that every town has worked there for a few years and then moved back to texas. And Virginia is beautiful. I love the woods and the mountains and everything. There
is just uh
northern Virginia. That D. C. Area is it's as much
nightmare as austin as if not worse. It's crazy. Yeah. So how'd you end up in in texas from Virginia? Just from florida?
Well
what did you go to grad school for?
I'm
familiar.
Is that what your graduate school work was in, was in tech?
interesting. Yeah,
I
went to
grad school.
phds are, yeah, I would have an M. F. A. In directing, so I'm kind of stuck with theater early on. But um my brother works for Apple and he went to U. T. And uh electrical engineering and then business for his masters. So it's a pretty common thing, but especially in that area, if you can work from home, there's a lot of tech, whether you're a developer or engineer or anything like that, that you can do very easily and is in demand. Mhm. I'm
assuming.
luckily it's uh yeah, I guess it depends on what you end up doing, but you know, if you, if, you know the basics of one programming language or what technology, even though there's a lot changing, it all stays kind of kind of the same. I mean
this
Yeah, definitely. Well, that's pretty wild. I guess you're able to work remotely for the most part if you want. Right,
But I mean if you were to go and do some, you know, if you needed to do that for extra um cash or something, you could do that.
But
that's kind of what I've been doing all, I'm kind of one of these weird people who I always have, some kind of project is not for work or anything, it's just, hey, I think I'm going to write a play or I'm going to design this website, you know, it's just stuff to keep me busy that I want to do. Um but always, always keep the, there's a few of them are like prolific obviously is pretty cool because a lot of them are actual scientific studies you can take part in or give you advice on and yeah, I also do that just questions like, hey, what kind of mustard do you, you know, all that kind of stuff for a couple of bucks. But I think a lot of people are turned into that just for a little residual income.
Yeah. Mturk was one of the first to do that. I'm not sure what it would be called, but the ad hoc um labour remote labor. But yeah, I think the general consensus is that it doesn't, it's not consistent enough and doesn't pay enough compared to other platforms that have come along since then.
Mhm. That could be one of the side gigs that I tried doing and my wife did for a while is transcription. So I was this was through rev dot com, which is a big transcription service for closed captioning or whatever. And a lot of the work that she did for a while was transcribing drive thru orders, which had to have
been um I guess teaching ai so that uh a I could do drive thru orders instead of having a person to it, but just for our suits that they're listening to. Uh yeah, I want a big Mac with cheese and you know, just transcribe, you gotta type it all out and um I thought that was pretty wild. But
yeah, there's a lot a lot of that just small incidental um work that helps and um I've been liking it, I'll just use it to buy books or records or whatever it happens to be and it's not too bad. It's very cool.
Yeah. And the thing I noticed about a lot of these, some of the other platforms and prolific. I mean a lot of them are really similar. A lot of universities there, you know, wanting to assess how people are coping with being quarantined. Like are you feeling a lot of anxiety and are you depressed?
And do you feel
motivated
and
Um I'm trying to think there's a platform called crowd tap. It's like a
lot of unions, crowd tap. And uh not that I mean prolific. My favorite because it pays the best and it's usually for research, but crowd tap. A lot of them, they're asking just, you know, uh what are some things you've been buying more of or less of
during
the stay at home, Unfortunately, I've heard a lot that that's the case. Um which kind of worries me. Uh I think a lot of people who are self medicating to deal with the uh you know, isolation
So
there's a
lot out there.
You've
got a bunch of souvenir bottles of, yeah,
are you get
three pills?
Yeah, that's
yeah. Yeah, luckily that's I guess an industry that can adapt. I've heard a lot of, you know, there's a lot of industries that really can't be done remotely like tattoos or uh you know,
haircuts or anything like that. Yeah, I don't know what people are going to do, it's kind of kind of crazy, but yeah, that's pretty crafty. Uh as far as that goes.
Yeah, absolutely. Get rid of the surplus. Mhm. Pretty well. Um Yeah, I'm trying to think what else is out towards so later, like what's what's out that way that everybody goes into this? I'm trying to remember that area specifically.
that's
what I was thinking of. Yeah, kind of not really touristy, but a lot of people take weekend trips out there to go shopping or go to the restaurants and get out of town. Yeah, that's kind of how I remember at fredericksburg is get a good comparison the other direction. Mhm.
Oh I've forgotten about that. I went to college in Stephenville and it was a dry county when I was in college like in the night, mid nineties and that was so strange. Yeah, that's right. You had to be a member of a club, you have to buy the membership card and there was only four or five places in town that you could use it at. And then you had to go to the edge of the county if you actually wanted to go like buy wine or something
to
take.
I forgot
it's
so confusing
because actually some, you know like the Metroplex area is, it's Dallas Fort Worth with a ton of little towns like plano and and all of those and for a while some of those were dry still when the rest of the place wasn't. So you're right. Yeah, like you could go to a gas station and they couldn't sell it and then a block away. The place could. I was so confusing. Yeah, I forgot about all of that.
People don't
believe me when I tell
them
like. Mhm.
Yeah, it was like $5 for a year or something. Yeah,
I forgot
about
that.
That's
probably true. They probably found a way to do that. Yeah, I had totally forgotten about that. It was that way in grad school to, I went to texas tech in lubbock and it was dry when I was there in 99 2000. Yeah. I've been forgotten all about that. So strange.
It's a lot a lot of headache I would imagine for them. I remember it seems like a lot of areas have strange laws about that. When I was in central Virginia, there weren't actually just bars. Every bar had to have, I think like 50% sales and food. So every place served food. Um, so there was no such thing as just like a bar and a lot of restaurants had bars, but every town has especially, yeah, Looking back, it's, they had the weirdest laws. It's crazy.
Or at all.
Used to be. Not at all.
The old blue laws. Yeah. I remember growing up in san Antonio. They had a lot of those, like you couldn't buy cosmetics or toys or anything that was considered a luxury item on sunday. So you go to the Albertsons and the whole makeup, I'll would be roped off and the toy aisle would be roped off and it was
just
like,
what
what's
going
on? This is so weird. Even as a kid, I thought that was strange. Crazy you in your office or is like a locker behind you,
Mine's
uh, he's right here. There he is. Listen,
he's pretty chunky. So I'm kind of envious because I'm gonna get the opposite end of the spectrum. Because I am terrified of flying. I've always been absolutely terrified of even like commercial flying. I've tried to get over it, I've had to make a few flights. Uh my wife and I met in the Denver area and she got a job out here in ST louis and so I've been occasionally a couple of times you're trying to fly down to austin san Antonio area because people still live down there and I just, I don't know what it is like even just getting on a plane, I don't know if it's a control thing, like I'm not in charge of the plane and so I just, I'm so terrified. So the thought of jumping out of a plane just seems like unbelievable to me. I don't know how anybody would ever do that. Yeah,
Yeah. And from from a lot of logical standpoint, like it doesn't make any sense. Like even I went back a friend of mine years ago and I went back through every major like airline crash um back through the seventies and even the ones that you know the hydraulics completely went out, the engines completely went on everything. Even like the survival rate of those was like 50% like people survived those crazy, you wouldn't think anybody would survive them. And so from a logical standpoint your your odds of getting in a crash and not surviving it are incredibly tiny, incredibly. But for some reason it's just the whole process of being up in the air seems scary to me people
I
don't know.
Well
maybe
maybe.
That's
that's
probably true. Well there's a there's a lot of people I think of Stanley kubrick, the film director, he was actually terrified of flying and a few times he had to do it, he actually got his pilot's license so that if he had to fly he would be the one flying which again maybe it's a control thing, I don't know but maybe I should, should work towards that. Maybe I'll work up to a skydiving at some point in a few years. There'd
be a good
goal.
that's true. Nobody would believe I had actually done that and again it's it's pretty safe even though you're jumping out of a plane ultimately, especially for your tandem jumping with a professional, it's not too bad.
That
would be impressive. Yeah, that would be one of those things that nobody would believe and and yet it's
fully doable. How'd
you, how'd you get into doing that? Like what you always been kind of fascinated by daredevil things or?
No,
dang.
Maybe
it's
one of those things,
maybe you know, it might be one of those things for me where the the anticipation of it is scarier than actually doing it and so
that's a good point. Yeah, there's not a whole lot you can do after that except go well, but for the next few minutes I guess this is what's happening
mm Yeah it might be one of those things where once I did it once or twice I would be I would be good, I could do it again, I'll
have
to
try
that.
that's
point. Um I used to not always be that way, I'm more frightened of heights now than when I was a kid, I think
that's an aspect of it, so I used to really enjoy going up like in san Antonio there's the tower downtown, that's I think it's like 700 ft dollars event. I used to love going up in that at some point like in my twenties things switch toward. I don't know. I just, it freaks me out now.
I
don't know why
they basically.
that's true. Maybe maybe I should just get more zen about it. Like my life's been fine so far if something happens, I'm good.
Yeah, it's, I keep telling my wife like she just turned 40 a few months ago and I'm 45 I keep saying like it catches up with you like in my head I was just 27 or so and a couple of years later very, I'm 45 I'm all shaky in the morning and I don't know how that happened. I don't feel like I've gotten here yet, but I am yeah,
I got to do more stretches,
So you've been doing this a while. Okay. Well that that gives me some confidence to maybe keep it on the uh the potential things to do. You don't know out in sausalito. I mean if I'm gonna do it there's not there's not a whole lot of concern there. So I guess maybe maybe it would be something that could shoot for it as a bucket list item. Hm. I think you've had in mind, how far of a drive is it from there? Like the Austin area? So
that's not that bad. Yeah
that's not yeah that would be eating a problem at all. I have to think about that. I'll
be down there. Uh I guess next month I don't think I'm gonna get a chance to do it next month. That's that's a pretty fast turnaround. But maybe later in the year I can do that. So
I
could I could she would probably be she's a lot stronger, braver person than I am in that regard. So she'd probably jump in and do it pretty quickly and I would be, I'll stay on the ground for a little longer, I think, yep, how we doing on time? I haven't been keeping track of the time,
so
we can
I think we've been talking for a good 25 minutes. Any any burning issues or anything you need to talk about any, like if you had a completely nonjudgmental stranger that you just need to get something off your chest about. Is I Yeah,
it's scary, just, you know, I worry about a lot of people because since I work from home or you know, the kind of work I do is home, I'm kind of as you know uh lucky and that my life really hasn't changed you know, that much since the quarantine. So wash my hands a lot. Have a nice fashionable mask if it uh came from
my library. So I'm thinking good. But.
Just until there's a vaccine and we know more about it. I'm not going to risk it.
Yeah, you're smart. You're absolutely correct. But I guess if you don't mind, I guess we can shut it down. I guess we've done enough. Yeah. It was nice talking to you. Have a good rest
of your weekend.
The weekend.
Take
care.