You know are we supposed to do anything?
Yeah I just said we were supposed to chat with someone who didn't have anything about what we're supposed to chat about or anything.
Mhm. Yeah I know. Just as we're supposed to chat for 25 minutes uh
I didn't say what about?
Yeah
it just says you're supposed to have a conversation for at least 25 minutes than 20 minutes of questions.
mm
I guess it's like
what part of the country? Um
Okay, I'm in uh western north Carolina near Asheville. Yeah.
charlotte's
only about 100 miles from where I'm at. Yeah yeah yeah
because I Asheville here, the area that I actually when you're getting into the yeah the Blue Ridge mountains so it's it's prettier scenery than like say around charlotte, charlotte's more flat than,
it's very pretty actually About 25 miles for me is the tallest mountain that is east of the rockies. It's called, it's called Mount Mitchell. Yeah that's that's the tallest mountain here at east of the Rockies. Uh huh.
Yeah it's you know there's multiple waterfalls nearby that you can get just a short hike, then you can see these amazing waterfalls or several lakes, rivers that run through the area. Uh I live about four or five miles from the Blue Ridge Parkway.
and if we go just a little bit uh west then you're in the Smoky Mountains. Okay.
Yes it's all part of the Appalachian chain runs well just like. Yeah. But yeah
but
what
yeah.
Then uh because where we're at here like they were close to the Blue Ridge Mountains, then uh you go a little bit less between, it's actually between me and Nashville. You have an area called Black Mountain. The mountains aren't actually black but it's that I don't know their positioning the way the shadows and stuff. Most of the time when you look at them they look black. It's just the vegetation looks black. It's it's really not if you get it close but this way the shading is that the mountains look black.
yes I I love that. I actually grew up in a
very rural area in Louisiana. So but yeah I've always loved outdoors and I've kind of wandered all over the country I guess. I kind of got a gypsy soul. It's like I've lived up near Seattle. Uh I've lived in Kansas Louisiana Mississippi Arkansas climb down in the Tampa bay area of florida. I lived there for about. Mhm. The
I
have
all of California. When I lived in Washington. And I had a good friend. I lived in Seattle for about five years. I had a good friend that was from the Modesto area and I went down with him several times. I know the you know from Modesto North, it's really beautiful northern California, really pretty, although it was always a wonderful dr driving, you know, down from Seattle across Oregon and Oregon and northern
California. Mhm.
I'm not a big fan of flying up, I do fly occasionally, I don't really like this. So most of my travels across the country have literally been driving something other than a little bit of stuff in the northeast. I've then through most of the states because every time I've driven from the south east of the west, I've always tried to pick a different route where I can see as much
Yeah, it's really beautiful country uh like you're driving around Yosemite, wow, the different areas like that, driving across the Rocky Mountains and everything. It's really beautiful driving across colorado. Mhm,
mhm
Text
is like coming from the west. Once you get the edge of it, you want to stop, you do not want to drive across the rest of it east texas across till you get to the border where you know Arizona new Mexico, that area, it is the most boring drivers. Absolutely. This is just flatter. Okay, mouth miles of nothing. Yeah,
go like across like Oklahoma Arkansas. Yeah,
once you leave east texas from, you know the kind of center of texas till you leave the state is just flat.
It is the most boring right? Because when I first moved to Washington state, I was living in Louisiana, south Louisiana times. That's the way I drove my way across texas. Never had done that before. I was never so glad when I got out of texas where I found has stuff to look at again. You know the rest of I was beautiful but rather and in texas is so wide
all
that's fine. It was the next day before I got out of texas. So long. Tell
you.
it's just mixes. It's like but go a
little.
Exactly. It's like the what brought you to new york? Was it just curious you on the move was a job.
It'd be nice if you're having kids to have them close to the grandparents. It's always rough for you don't get when the grandparents don't get to share in their life. Yeah.
Yeah.
Thank you.
New york, the only part of new york have been in is uh north up near Buffalo.
The one of one of my cousins that I was really close with, she was married to a guy was from some little town outside of Buffalo. And I went to one house in a week with them at christmas. So that's the only time I've been in new york was that week I spent outside of the most beautiful at christmas time. He was like a
courier and I was printing everything was beautiful that everything was covered in snow, woke up chris warning it was snowing.
Well
before I moved here, uh four years ago I had lived in the Tampa bear in 4 to 15 years, so it's just hot all the time. You don't get any season. So that's something I really enjoyed beating up here is you actually get seasons because we don't get a lot of snow. We get three or four little snows a year. So
it
is supposedly
this, this area here in western north Carolina. Eastern Tennessee is supposed to be the best place in the world to see the leaves change color because because there's more species of trees here anywhere else in the world. So the leaves changing season last for like two months where most places it's just issues that change so they change and fall off real quick. We're here, there's so many different species of trees really long grown out. You'll leave season here.
Well
well
let's put it that way in florida. It's like you just you know, christmas time you're running around in short because it's so warm. So it's it's been so nice here. The house we own here has a fireplace. So for the last few christmases, you know christmas eve and christmas day you can actually have a fire going in the fireplace and that's been so nice. You'll compare running around and in florida wearing shorts. Yeah.
it just, it wasn't necessarily bad, it's just, it didn't change. It was, you know, it just went from warm up to hop that was premature to temperature that really cold. It's like there's literally like in december down there, I've actually been to theme parks, riding water rides in december. Well it's so warm, you,
and I'm the same way since I've moved up here. It's like, yeah, you have a little bleak time during the winter with the leaves of loss of trees, but then you kind of get to see that like you said, the magic of spring, it's like everything but now and blew me then, you really appreciate that we're in florida, you have that all your and you never, you just took it for granted you didn't really appreciate it. Mhm.
Well that's
the thing
that was said in florida other than just slightly cooler during the winter, nothing really changed, like every day was the same, it's like it you know there was no difference. We're here, you you get to experience those different seasons of the you know the beautiful leaves in the fall and a little bit of a slow and stuff during the winter. Then when spring rolls around it's like the yeah it's like our particular area here, we have a bunch of daffodils planning the yard. So you know when those pop up and start blooming in your spring is starting when you see those yellow daffodils your yard. Yeah. Uh it's not long, everything else buds and blooms out.
So what part of California are you originally from?
Yeah. Like around my desk. So that's as far south
as I've been in in California. The said the northern part is beautiful and I just didn't, I never made it any further south Guys doesn't have any reason to go to the southern part of the state. Just never made without. The likes of the northern part was beautiful. I definitely enjoy.
What?
What surprised me being staying around my desk because in the summertime and I visited because I said I'm from Louisiana and have lived in port a lot like mama's from down there. So I'm used to this this horrible humid weather there. So I was surprised, I don't know this, it was like 105 everybody else was acting like they were dying. I'm like this is nothing. It's like yeah, it wasn't as bad as 90° weather in Louisiana because you have no humidity with this. Yeah.
Just like
oh yeah. Yeah that it was much more bearable having that that dry heat than it is. The really muggy weather you have than Louisiana and florida. It's like a big difference the well while you've been in new york, have you got to get out and about and go upstate? Yeah.
So.
Yeah. I I got to go to Vancouver when I lived in Seawater because from there it was such an easy, easy thing to do to drive up to Vancouver victoria british Columbia. You can literally jump on a ferry on the northern coast of Washington. Just take victoria.
The only thing that I've done is just I have no I have not done. That was just the city of victoria and go into Vancouver. I have it. I really didn't expect. That's my biggest regret from living in Seattle five years. I always wanted to drive across Canada up into Alaska and never did it the way I could.
Yeah and I never got around to that I never even went to Alaska while I was that close. I've always regretted that because you know now it would be a big hassle to go to Alaska from there. Yeah. I kind of jumped on the flight, been there no time or driven and so amazing country. So I've always kind of regretted that that I didn't I didn't do that and I didn't go to the uh Boeing museum when I lived in. Uh Yeah.
What?
That's kind of my regrets because one of the two retired Air Force ones is that the Boy Museum because the Reagan Library has one of them than the others at the boy museum.
The cold and rain gets depressing after a while but it's also it's so beautiful up there just like putting the cascades and olympic mountains. It's just there's so much to see them do.
That's unfortunately if you're really lucky You have what the locals call an Indian summer and you'll have three or four minutes of mild dry weather in the summer. But some some years you don't even get that. You're lucky if you have a month or two and then you know so I
live there on the 4th of July had to wear like a sweatshirt. It was so cold stint. Yeah
but the job get to go out to mount rainier when you were there.
Yeah. What's what's nice about living up there. You want to go all the different seasons Cause Mount rainier looks totally different depending on the season of the year. Like there's times you can go out there like everything is open and you can walk around and still snow but you can walk around then. Like if you go up there in the winter you literally are driving on two lane roads that they keep open just enough for the two lanes of road. There's literally walls of ice and snow, you like 15 20 ft hash just a rude cut through this, it was a bank of ash as you're driving up to Mount right
the so it's like
right then you go late spring, early summer after some of the snows melted. Then you sell the wild flowers and stuff blooming. It's um and of course anywhere you drive around you can say you know you see Mount rainier looming up in the distance after that, so large.
Look,
well, the prettiest reviews you can get a mat rainier is if you go over to uh on the kids hat peninsula, that that is where uh Bremerton Silverdale and stuff is, it's a peninsula that juts out into uh uh fugit sound there and you have to cross the big suspension bridge. It's called the common errors bridge. You leave to come in. But then when you come back into the come, if you pick a time where it's a nice clear sunny day as you're leaving, the kids have potential across up the common era suspension bridge to come back into the common. Then
you just have these breathtaking views of marriage. Yeah. Or or you can take the ferry over from Seattle to downtown Bremerton. Then on the return trip, the ferry tapes right into downtown Seattle. So you have the skyline of Seattle and your background this shit is your across some affair says it's it's definitely some beautiful scenery up there. Right.
just uh I know one the one time I got to take a week and I went camping up and uh see I'm trying to remember, I can't remember which is the cascades and which is the olympics now. But the one that's actually on the peninsula part
of
the
I went I went camping out there at Lake Cushman and some of the campgrounds out there then then drove up the very northwest tip of the state is actually an indian reservation. Uh
The far northwest tip the Cotton of us as an indian reservation. You'll then drive down the pacific coast highway and you know it's just there's just so much to see and do up there too. Mhm.
Well luckily where I I live right now, it's very fairly rule so yell the stores and schools and stuff like that were shut down. But you can still go out and about and get out in the woods. The only thing that they closed, they did close some of the more kind of dangerous trails because when this first started, they was afraid that our medical system might be overtaxed. So they didn't rescue workers to be, I had having to go rescue people that had failed or hurt themselves on hiking trail, but that closure didn't last long. Once I realized we weren't going to be swamped with coronavirus cases here locally. They opened up trails and stuff back up. But you could then you could still go to the normal areas of the legs. You can walk a walk up the greenways along the rivers and there's
a couple of waterfalls that's real close to town, that's a really short little trail to get to the waterfall. Those I don't think those ever closed.
Yeah, and there's no way with all this going on, there's no way I would have got on the subway or anything, just
uh the really the only big inconvenience for us. My my son is in uh math grade, so it's like your school being shut down and in our local school district did a really poor job of the remote learning, so basically he just missed out on the third of his education this year. But they the full districted at almost nothing. There was a couple of teachers that would send a couple of little assignments that were basically reviews, nothing new, but most teachers didn't even bother sending any work at all or anything. So
yeah, I'm kind of, I'm really disappointed. Uh there's a program here run by one of our local state universities that he signed up far and but most of the kids or not doing that, you know, he's lucky because with him signing up for it, it's kind of helping them a little bit and basically kind of trying to get them caught up to speed with what they missed that the, you know, the new year starts.
Yeah, I really, I really don't know what happened because everyone the hot to that has like elementary or middle school students, all of everybody even locally said that the their teacher did great, you know, constantly environments and it was just like them being in school. Yeah, but I don't know why they didn't do the same thing. High scores. Yeah.
I felt bad for the seniors. Just like, I like my high school, you're, my senior year was definitely my best year in high school. It's like, so that's got to be so for the seniors that, you know, miss out all the trips, the parties, the, you know, the situation ceremonies. Yeah.
I enjoyed my senior year of high school so much. I would redo it again given that I loved it.
Yeah, that's what it was just, it was just wonderful. It's like you have a group of close friends, the uh
huh we have to take several trips and stuff. It's the senior class. That was just, it was almost like a nonstop vacation or something you're talking about. I had crammed and basically have most of my required courses by the time I've completed my junior year. Because I actually, if my dad would have let me, I could have taken one class during the summer after my junior year and graduated high school. Yeah,
so my senior year I just took I wanted to accept it was just really easy, like it was just a like a nonstop vacation all year.
I'm glad dad made me stay in school, because if
well
16. I thought I knew everything, but obviously I didn't, so, so let me graduate at 16, it would have hurt me, probably.
Sorry.
So do you know what we're supposed to do now?
Yeah.
Mhm.
I guess we just hit the blue arrow at the bottom of the events of the questions.
Yeah.
Yeah, terrible. Mhm.
Yeah. I'm assuming that's what we do now since we've got the 25, is that the blue arrow at the bottom of that screen and questions? Yeah.
Uh I don't know I guess you gotta open and see what happens we'll say there but well it was really nice talking to you. Hopefully we get through the 20 minutes of questions.
And
enjoy
your
daddy and best of
future.
Bye. Right now.
Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah mm. Mhm.
Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah. Right.
Mhm. It doesn't matter.
Thank you. Mhm.
Okay
mm.
Right.
Yeah mm. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh.
Mhm
mm.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah
I could yeah.
Mhm. Mhm. Mhm.
Okay. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah I do. Yeah.
Yeah. Right.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.