Hello.
I have. I have no idea. This is new to me.
Yeah. There were no no instructions actually. Strange
cigarette.
Yeah. Let me, let me see if there's any instructions on the previous page. Mm hmm. Mhm.
Mhm.
that's that's what they see as well. Uh huh.
So I guess they're just kind of recording us and seeing how you interact.
No,
I'm in New york city.
Yeah, I've only been in charlotte, but I've heard that actually is a nice place to
this day.
Okay.
Yeah, I've always wanted to go to the Blue Ridge Mountains.
man, that's that must be really, really beautiful. And I'm sure you spend a lot of time out there.
Oh gosh. Yeah, that must be really nice.
Is that all part of the same mountain range? Just like with different names or?
Which which comes all the way up to the northeast? like
I think
New Jersey yeah.
Yeah,
Very interesting. Yeah, so you're you're quiet and avid outdoors person?
No?
that's awesome. Yeah that's really nice, I grew up in California actually um so lived spend most of my childhood out there and then moved out to new york about 66 years ago. Um Yeah kind of bicoastal but yeah out in California and just like you know the national parks around there in the southwest
or just really
amazing.
no.
I've done that drive a couple of times but I didn't get to see some of the really nice national like I think was a Crater Lake National Park, I haven't seen that one but I hear it's really beautiful.
What? That's really really cool.
Yeah, yeah,
I haven't, I haven't driven across country, but I think a big swath of the southwest, we've driven around there, you know, driven out to um to Grand Canyon and like even into texas, but I haven't, I haven't actually done the coast to
coast one yet.
so if you're going across it's better to go I higher up like the
it's more beautiful there.
there's nothing.
Ray
is huge. Oh
just
nothingness for an entire city.
I hope
you had some good music or something.
Um Yeah, it was after grad school I moved out to new york to get a job um and then just decided to stay. Um yeah, the thing that brought me out was a temporary role and it ended up becoming permanent um And then at the time my wife now but my my girlfriend was out in California um and then we just, you know, we talked about it and she decided to move up here with me um And yeah that was six years ago and now now we're married um I think we're not quite sure if we would stay out here long term I think. Um Yeah, we're kind of thinking about in the next couple of years to think about where we really want to settle down and start a family, but so it might it might be back in California where like both of our parents are living.
Yeah
and I mean new york city is just so expensive too, so you know we're kind of limited on space. Um,
I think it be be tougher to raise a kid here, I think. Yeah.
Oh yeah, like they're Niagara Falls or the finger lakes.
man. Yeah.
Yeah. That's, that's amazing. That's like one of the things I like a lot about the Northeast is just the seasons, like, I mean California, we got like nothing
rain.
Yeah, but the follow is probably gorgeous, like
in
red,
Yeah. Oh man, that sounds really nice. I, I, I love the foam. I'm like, you know, that's something I never never got to see my whole life until I moved to new york
and every now every year in the fall, All over the place, just driving
around.
Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. It actually feels like christmas where I was like, yeah.
Yeah. Yeah it's so different but yeah I appreciate the change. I think it makes me, yeah it does it makes me appreciate you know what the weather and you know what I'm seeing outside you know the flowers and spraying and all and and the snow. I just like I think I yeah it makes me just appreciate time more I guess.
Yeah and I felt I felt like in in California just yeah I think time actually passes by faster. I don't know it just kind of more of a blur when things don't really change. Like I was there and suddenly it was like three years later and I was like wow everything is exactly the same.
This
is.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah for sure.
Um So I was born and grew up in the Bay Area and then I went to I went to U. C. L. A. For undergrad. Um And then you see santa Barbara for grad school. Um So yeah I spent a bit of time both north and south parts of the state
fred.
Yeah it's a lot more lush in the north I think I think in the south. Yeah there's there there's some like nicer, you
know there's some nice areas for outdoor stuff. Yeah there's like Death Valley National Park which actually I haven't been to but I hear it's really beautiful too. Um Yeah there's some nice nice hikes around the L. A. Area. Um Yeah it's and you think hotter, hotter weather than they are but I always appreciate it like the rain in the north.
Yeah.
Yeah it's just so dry. Which I I think I'd say I'd prefer if it was going to be hot you know to be blessed huge.
Yeah we we've had a fair bit of traveling around the area. Um Yeah we've driven upstate a few times not not too far um Like a 2 to 3 hour drive north, there's the Catskill Mountains uh spend a little time there. We've also driven up the coast into into Maine um So
a few years ago we spent some time out out there. Um And then we also have some friends that live in new Hampshire. Um So we've driven up there as well um to like near the near the White Mountains. Um Yeah so we've we've done a fair bit of driving around there and then you know taking trains to go to boston or Washington D. C. Um Yeah I think there's there's still a lot to see um You know and I think yeah there's a few few other places on our list also traveled up to Canada like Montreal and Quebec City. Um
Have you, did you go up to Whistler Mountain?
man that sounds like you'd be really amazing.
Yeah. Those
all sound really cool.
Oh man. Yeah that sounds, I didn't even know that my brother actually lives in Seattle right now so I got to visit him a couple of times but yeah.
Yeah we we did get to see the olympic mountains a couple of years ago when when I went to visit my brother. Um it was still, I think it was springtime so it was still a little too cold. So it's the whole, the whole time we were out there is just pouring honey. Uh
Yeah it's pretty extreme vision
Yeah.
No. So yeah we wanted to go hike it but it was, it was just a really cold winter. So I think they said all the most of the trails were still closed. Yeah.
huh.
wow. Yeah. That sounds, that sounds really really exciting.
Yeah. Yeah that sounds really the next. Yeah, I love to go visit and
and check out not right here.
What?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I know that that sounds really really nice.
I
think
it may be olympic. Right. Yeah. Yeah.
really?
man. Yeah. Did you get to go out into nature stuff during all this coronavirus stuff?
that's nice share.
Yeah, that's really nice. I think it was definitely tough for us in new york because I mean we don't have a car right now. Um and yeah, you know, we usually take trains or rent a car, you know, to go hiking and a lot of those were shut down, so um yeah, we were kind of stuck here for a while.
yeah, it's pretty sketchy.
that's a man, that's that's that sucks.
Yeah, man. Yeah, that's that's tough because yeah, they're going to be, I guess they probably spend the summer trying to catch up or something
Yeah, and that's, I'm sure it's especially tough for those that are getting ready for college, right? I think it's Uh
man, that's that's terrible. But yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, it was, it was definitely a fun time prom and everything.
Yeah.
wow.
yeah. Yeah, that, that sounds really nice. Um well,
yeah, I think so. You would have missed out on a lot
of
Yeah, yeah. Yeah. There's there's no reason why you can take
your time and enjoy.
Yeah, I was just thinking, I know we're over the 25 minutes. Let me go back instructions. Yeah. It says make sure you and your partner talk to each other for at least 25 minutes. Um Okay.
So keep the video chat browser to have up in the entire time. Uh, right. Mm hmm,
mm.
Yeah. Um okay. When your conversation is complete, our please return to this browser tab. Um
once you've opened the video chat window, keep it up in the entire time. Don't close it until you're completely finished with your conversation. Mm hmm.
Right.
Should we, do we keep the video open?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Really nice chatting with you. Too nice to meet you
and
stuff like
that.
You
too. Right. Thank you.
Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mm. Mhm, mm. Okay.
No. Mhm.
Me. Mhm.
Mm.
Yeah. Yeah.
Mhm. Mhm. Yeah.
People. Yeah.
Mm. Yes. Mhm.
Yeah.
Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Problem. Right. Yeah.
You can, yeah. Mm. Yes. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah.
Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Right.
Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. So that, yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. But that. Mhm. What? Mm hmm.
Yeah.
Oh. Oh
yeah.
Mhm.
Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Okay.
Mhm. Yeah.
Well,
Yeah.
Mhm. Oh, mm hmm. Okay.
Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah. Hey?
Yeah. What? Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Back. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
Oh.
Mhm,
mm.