Oh yeah, that's right.
Yeah. Oh um did you, I don't know, hold on, I'm gonna look
No, it's just oh thank
God, it's from prolific, right? Mhm. How long do
we have to talk for half?
Just put this to, I was watching a kid bargain.
Kitbag a, the twitch, the scam vader, like I like twitch a lot. Okay.
It's a platform like Youtube, there's like
channels,
Oh, kit baga, He's a scandal later. So what he does is he calls scammers and then he wastes their time.
Yeah, he's got a channel on Youtube too.
of them do. There's other ones like follow like downright last miles. Some coders, Yeah. Mhm.
So I actually have Uh huh Yeah, Xfinity. And I use the internet speeds of, I can see the speed all the time and I don't know, I guess I must just going for the page. But uh yeah, so I have fast, where the heck are? Yeah fast dot com. Uh There this is better up. Okay. Yeah a fast dot com. And I'm always checking the internet speed just because like I don't think I'm getting one gig at all And it's always between like 300 and 400. I don't know if you check your speed at all but.
Yeah it was buffering for a while. Uh But I've been with I just changed internet SPS providers. Um I was with a really small company for over 10 years but the building that are living got sold
at um Now I'm paying like triple yeah just
for internet yeah $99 for $95. That includes that's with taxes and everything and fees for Internet.
Whereas I was paying by the year and I would pay, it came to about 3 $33. But I was only getting up to 100 megabits Now. I'm getting one big gig because 1000
megabits is one gig. Yeah but now I look at it and the speed because I'm like really you know I watched the speed, the activity monitors. Um So I'm really decided I keep refreshing it. I don't do you notice yours buffering or?
Thank
you
No it just freezes, it just frees. Yeah so mine didn't go great just froze and then you would see the
slow so what I do is I just refresh it I guess it's okay to refresh it But no I'm really like pissed off that I've got to pay like $95 and I'm getting like a third you know it's still more
than I get like 300 400 megabits.
That's the average that I'm averaging like for a month now, I've watched it and it's I rarely get like one gig rarely, like I'll refresh it, ping it and it's
I'm just not happy with Xfinity and a lot of people complain about it. Are
you familiar with net neutrality? The end of it?
I
don't
know, I might not
paulinho's.
Now I remember in December, eight, it ended and there were a lot of papers about it and it's bad because I think they throttle your website. Like if you go like, I don't know how much, like I'm on the internet all of the time, like all the time and now, you know, most a lot of people are but usually I am, it doesn't matter what's going on outside. I work from the, you know from home, so I actually am here. So I'm not sure like what they look at. Like what are the specs they're looking at? Are they watching everyone or and if you're using a certain band with, you know, what are they looking for?
Because
I've just never
Yeah, so like in other words, if everybody is visiting Xfinity, they would slow down the website, like you wouldn't be able to access it or the pages wouldn't load as much. Okay, so I've I've noticed, I don't know, like I'm also on mechanical turk. Are you familiar with the amazon's mechanical turk?
I've been working on that for years This weekend. It was horrible. The pages I run a lot of scripts, so the pages just would not load, they wouldn't load. I'm not really on there a lot though, you know? I don't so I can understand if I was working like 12 hours or eight hours a day, but I'm not anymore, I'm only there like An hour or two but the pages aren't loading and I don't know why.
Um It's on mechanical turk. Yeah it's a it's a platform for like crowd sourcing if um for like anything a robot can't do yet. We do.
Yeah but they pay in pennies.
You were trying one.
I don't know that because I'm checking my other sites and like my gmail my yahoo and twitch was loading. uh sometimes I get like a server our 2000 or 3000 and nothing works. You clear your cache, your histories and your cookies but nothing works. But you know when you're getting paid pennies and you can't submit the here and the pages aren't loading. It's really bad. Really? Okay. Do something about this background. I
was
going
to get.
Uh huh uh Sometimes not not really. I mean sometimes if I get like where you call uh I usually like giving through social media or like
you know
I have social media
I
I Skype. Yeah but I don't trust that platform since it was hacked last month.
Yeah I have a screen I guess I could get it. Let me see.
Yeah I just don't see how it would change house. You know what it's not gonna change things because I have too much shit beautiful. I am
oh yeah it was hacked because
I am um subscribe to security. We've just because um I took like two years in college for computer security and I really liked
it, I can't access any of the articles and I wonder why but one of the the hacks was and I figured like when is Skype going to get hacked because everyone is using it. It was hacked last month. So I think it was in the papers that I think either a classroom got hacked or something on her so yeah but it was hot. Everything's
you
know
also
you want
mhm. Oh that's it, that's the one I'm sorry. Yeah it's it's zoom, zoom got hacked. Right well Skype will probably have to as an already even high. Yeah. Yeah no I guess I don't do a lot of video conferencing I mean no I mean I could get a screen screen but that's expensive. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. You do a lot of video conferencing.
Yeah. Yeah presentations. Do you mean like P. P. T. S.
Mhm mm You have to like um what do you what so how where do you come in, what
do you do?
Williams.
cool
because I know we're gonna run out of space with landfills. I live in like a college community and you should see the trash here About three months ago I found like a bunch of makeup stuff and I looked it up. Somebody threw out like around $400 worth of stuff. It was expensive stuff. Yeah, it was really expensive still
because I guess you know when people go there just like their parents are paying for.
I know student loans and they just,
or they have to go back and it costs too much to take with you on the plane or wherever they just trash it.
Yeah, most of it ends up like I live right in back of the dumpster so
because of the covid and the restaurants closing a lot of rats or
don't have their food source
now. So they go into like, you know residential communities. We have the trash taken every morning but like it's a lot of trash you know.
So I do you work like what what kind of like environmental is it the E. P. A. That
you were
No.
What do they do? I've heard of them.
No.
No.
From.
Girl.
For animals.
Hey maybe you would know more about this. What about the bees? What's going on with the bees? I heard there were killer bees coming over here
that
we're killing
bees or wasps? The killer wasps coming over and killing the bees. But do
you
do anything with the bees? Oh
you're
frozen
the biggest do.
Thank you.
Yeah
they're
thing
stay
in Washington D. C.
hm.
Two.
Yeah. Because I really like like fruits and vegetables and like flowers and stuff. So if that goes, you know, that's a slow chain reaction and everything. Well could you just hold on I have like a geriatric dog and I have to help them off. Sorry what did you do? Go ahead. We got sure we're going to go in a minute. Should I think I peed himself again. I have to get him back. He's old.
He's 13. He lasted longer than my other rescue dog. Um
my other rescue dog only lasted eight years. He was a husky. This is a mix. I like much better because they don't have like those special diseases. Mm
With job.
Yeah. If you wanted to like go back to school or something, it looks real good on a resume. Like if you, you know, because you need a bachelor's in order to apply to events school. Too old.
I got too upset. I get very upset. Mhm.
Mhm.
Did you make any money doing nonprofits? I'd
like
to be.
If you get a government job you will because you have all the benefits and you'll probably your loans forget.
Mm What kind of what kind of stuff is being ignored? I know like gives you tax, I mean if all these policies for global like whatever that it is for like, you know, but it costs taxpayers money, you know like and
it's more
expensive.
Yeah, nobody can get on the same page. There's always some kind of like bureaucratic that stop something from happening. It's like having a house, but it's in probate and you know, nobody can access have access to the house until old policies and rules work at.
Oh you mean like uh the, did they give you a pension?
I guess you don't have to refresh. I always have gotta refresh.
Ah yeah two. Mhm.
A lot of them close up, you know or furlough you?
Yeah the nonprofit.
Mm Hey, that's a good idea. It's a math. I got a mouth well not enough. Yeah. Yeah, that's what I
think.
Mhm poster. I have a screen but it's all the way in the bar I guess I took out the screen the next time but oh, it's too late now, what's the point? Mhm. It's 25 minutes. How long are we talking for?
Mhm. You do a lot of these.
On prolific.
Yeah, I think I missed that one. I just uh I and then I didn't get the link or or yeah, I'm pretty new to prolific but I like the payout better. I think it's better
mechanical turk. See a lot of the same stuff is on mechanical turk Not these, but yeah, but they don't pay as well. This prolific does.
Did you get one of those pedals?
Oh, there's other platforms. Um, task rabbit. I didn't, I like user, there's some
that are called user. What happened? I guess I had a lot of monitors. I guess I get your look here, uh, use or something user uh, paid viewpoint. They're pretty good
there.
It takes a
while,
but they actually give you like money that goes into paypal. Um, there's there's there's
user where the heck is that? You gov is a good one. But that types forever. Uh, have mind I I only made money. Oh, user crowd team. But the problem with user crowd team is if you don't get like, they're also on accountable turk, but you don't get The study. Like if you don't click on it within five minutes, they're going. It's like, I can't believe it for like 30 cents, 10 cents. It's like everybody's on it all, wow, that's nonsense,
you
know?
Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah. I don't know. It's always hit or miss with me, but I like it because it's in um, what you call it, um, pounds they pay in pounds. So it looks like when you transfer it, you have more, you know? Mhm. It was morning. Mhm.
Oh, bloody hell, stuff to say
girl.
All
okay then. I guess this is it by then. Uh