Oh oh come on. Oh. Oh yeah Yeah. Mhm. Oh
did you get a topic?
I don't think I did.
okay.
Walk
25 minutes.
What's that?
ah What is that? Could you describe it?
twitch
but what is what is um what you were watching?
okay. Yeah I've heard of that but I haven't heard bit called anything
that's cool. Yeah. So he doesn't live on twitch. Mhm.
Yeah. Hello? Uh huh. There mm. Yeah. But
Not today I feel like but mine usually I mean sometimes when I started video chats it uh has trouble at the beginning. Oh
That's cool.
no.
Well
What?
I wasn't buffering it throws the first time
and then just
now it um like you you're you went gray for a second. I don't know if that was the same thing.
so
And
no
Only
Park.
yeah well you probably know more about it than I do but I know at least
I know a little bit about
it.
Well I
don't really remember all the I don't remember a lot of uh the technical stuff so wow.
it's
supposed
to be for um poor per website right? Like if they um if a certain website they they could decide that to slow down a certain website like visitors who were visiting a certain website they slow down access to that website I thought isn't that part of it too?
No I
So that's an amazon you said through amazon?
Oh that's yeah that's cool. Yes
that's good. I was trying to think of why they would not want people to access that site.
I was thinking about why they would not want people to access that site.
you
do a lot
of
video conferencing?
just like
just
No not
the media just like for work and stuff or
okay. Do you know um Well I was just asking that because you know if you I feel like if I didn't use videoconferencing so much I wouldn't have done anything to my backgrounds and this is just like curtains behind me but
I don't I mean it doesn't matter to me
but I didn't hear about the sky pack. Um He said that happened last month.
Mm Uh huh. Uh huh. Mhm
Arthur
Yeah I'm just
wondering which
one is more or out of out of the popular video conferencing ones who was doing most to support security or prevent hackings because I know a lot
of people
use zoom but I don't think that's very secure.
Um just yeah I do some I look at, you know, some instructional things where it's just like people giving presentations um just for my volunteering and then sometimes I talked to friends more recently because of the pandemic. Yeah,
I mean yeah sometimes they are but it's sometimes they have them but it's just like um you know like it would a seminar type thing or lecture but it's not for not for like school, it's just like they're telling you about, you know something, sometimes they have power point, sometimes they don't,
I'm
listening because I'm not I'm not presenting generally. And um
so it's just it's for, I do a lot of volunteer work with them. Um you know environmental non profits and stuff like that so they'll they'll update us on what their you know their um issues or what they're currently working towards and stuff like that. Yeah.
Mhm.
That's crazy.
Okay. Yeah I guess that's
Well
Yeah. Yeah I guess that makes sense. I never thought about that though. I have seen um when I was in college when people were moving out they would usually they try to give stuff away but I guess whatever they don't give away, they just throw away. Yeah.
Well
no
no.
Well
No
it's non profits are non governmental, it's just like you know like
Sierra Club and things like that, so.
They do um land for a lot of land preservation work and you know um But preserving
no fracking
like
preserving they would be preserving the lands like stopping fracking from happening basically. So you
should preserve this land instead of fracking it because why would we back it needs to be preserved for you know for the plants,
animals and like for people. So yeah that's what kind of work their club does.
yeah I heard
of my folks
do
from
Japan.
Well I know
that
there's been a lot of concern about yeah
There's been a lot of concern about these lately or in the last like 10 years or so because the numbers have been decreasing and people haven't been able to figure out exactly why. Now they think it's a combination of like pesticides and um just general pesticides that people are putting in in their on their plants and everything that they are intending to kill pest insects. But they're also killing bees. And then there's also this mysterious like colony collapse um disease basically that affects these. And they're still not entirely
what comes. That's yeah there's just so there's still people still researching it. It's just an ongoing problem. And then yeah the the bees in that people said the killer what do they call it? Killer wall. Yeah
in
yacht
or and um they were coming to Washington I think they're from so they're
from
out of Washington I think they're from um
japan or somewhere in East Asia. And I think they accidentally got brought over. So I haven't seen any updates. But the issue with them is that so the honeybees and stuff where they're from in ASIA know how to um you know counteract or stop them from killing them. But the rvs don't know how to protect themselves so it's another problem for them so I hope they don't
spread too far. I haven't heard I haven't heard any updates on that but
how old is he?
Uh
that come that breed specific. Yeah I do some work with animal rescues too so that's good. I would mm.
Um I want to do it more more long term for a job but for now I'm just doing it for volunteering. Yeah.
I did work at a vet clinic for a while but then I decided I probably didn't want to be you know do that long term or become a vet because it's squirt.
Well I didn't after a time I just I didn't get to, it is sad but then you have to like kind of like, you can't let it affect you because it happened like things are things are happening all the time and I didn't like that feeling where I kind of had to numb myself. Um So yeah,
but I did go back to school for policy, hoping I could do something in that with nonprofits in that.
I mean,
don't,
you certainly don't make as much as you would and government and or in private businesses, but
Yes. Yeah, that would be a that would be pretty, that would be nice. But the epa isn't like, I don't think it's a great place to work right now. Um Oh, because um they're I think a lot of their research is being ignored, so a lot of the science is being ignored that they're doing. So it can't be that um you know, rewarding. I would think it must be frustrating.
it's
just
it's just based on priorities. You know because there's there's money there. It requires money to preserve lands and um you know protect animals instead of uh where you're kind of weighing the like animal the use of the lands and destruction of animal habitats versus developments or continuing to, you know, if you were fracking and things like that. And so the EPA has um has a lot is in charge of a lot of those regulations where people have to decide whether or not certain animals need protecting or whether you need to, you know, go through special steps to mitigate the harm that you're going to cause the animals if you're developing the lands. And so they might in the situation situations that I'm thinking about, like you might if you're E. P. A scientist you might um you know find information and print um and do research on a particular animal or land very and say this needs to be protected because you know X. Y. Z. But then um someone says someone higher up than you says, you know, well it doesn't matter because we have to do development or you know or do some kind of comes out of energy um production.
that's the thing about government work but I do like the you know the benefits and things like that. So. Well
I think so I think most of them do in like a steady there's a very clear way to uh like there's very clear clear requirements of how you could make more money or go up the chain and get more benefits. Oh
yeah. You work for private companies.
That can be good too. Right. Yeah.
Yeah. The company I was working for furloughed me as well.
Yeah. Sorry, nonprofit. I was absolutely,
You
just put a poster up behind you. So what I would do if I just send the map.
I think 25 minutes.
Uh No, but I did do one, but I've done one before. So this is the second one I've done
think yeah, because they had one like a month ago or a month and a half ago.
better than what? No.
Yeah. The other one I was doing was transcription service but they transcribe me, but they don't pay that well either.
No, I didn't even work get enough work to make it worth the purchase, you know, so
That's
These are paid viewpoint
Aaron. Yeah,
I
have.
News.
That's
how
I feel with prolific sometimes. Yeah,
but it's usually it's easier to get stuff in the morning if you can get, you can get on earlier in the week as well.
mhm
I think we're good. Oh, I think we're,
I
think it was about 25 minutes and we went a little longer, the, because we started like a minute or two late, so I think we're good. Uh huh
care