SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Hi, can you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah can you hear me? Okay?
SPEAKER_R: All right, how's it going?
SPEAKER_L: Good. Um So I have my phone timer here if you want I can keep track of the time, Make sure we do 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, definitely. Great.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So where are you from? Where are you right now?
SPEAKER_R: Uh from Chicago um lived there most of my life but we are in central florida now in a place called Winter garden.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. That sounds nice.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's pretty cool. We moved down here three years ago just me and my girlfriend and just looking for a change from Chicago. Uh you know I got tired of the weather and the congestion and it's pretty nice down here, warm weather and
SPEAKER_L: I hear you. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: it's cool.
SPEAKER_L: I was born in the Chicago area but I um I live in michigan now. I've lived all over the place but about five years ago I moved to Nashville for six years. Um Well it was no it wasn't five it's been five years since I've been back but same thing the midwest winters were not not uh
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: not what I wanted to experience so.
SPEAKER_R: They're rough, they wore on me eventually. Um yeah, we love Michigan, my girlfriend's actually from Michigan and if it was up to her 100% we'd be living in Michigan right now. She she
SPEAKER_L: College.
SPEAKER_R: would give anything to move back up there. But this was our compromise. Which part are you in liquid general area?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Midwest um Muskegon area. Know if you've heard?
SPEAKER_R: I think I know it. She was from like the harbor area.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah that's about that's a couple hours east um Of where I am. Yeah I am Harbert once for a concert. Nice little nice place.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, yeah, we went there for a concert. last thanksgiving were up there visiting her family and bob Seger was playing and it's her favorite being a michigan girl so it was kind of cool to see him in michigan.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I bet. Well that's nice.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah michigan's great. Um I mean she without a doubt we would be up there right now but I just can't do the cold anymore. I was born in Louisiana. We didn't live there long but I got like alligator blood just you know from the start of my life, Chicago was pretty painful for me.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. So does where you are in florida? Does it does it get like what's the coldest that it gets in the winter?
SPEAKER_R: Um Well we get like from mid december probably through january. Um You get some nights where you could be in like the forties so.
SPEAKER_L: it ever snow?
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: it hasn't. It did once I think now while we were hearing like we're talking like 15, 16 years ago I think they had frost cooling.
SPEAKER_L: so that's pretty good. Yeah that's pretty good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's nice um You know and it's you know nice to be able to go out and walk around on the beach and you know, still be doing outdoorsy things this time of year when up in Chicago we went last week to visit some family and you know, I had to wear a jacket. It is, you know, you just feel like you get longer more outdoor time. So I mean I like it.
SPEAKER_L: definitely. Yeah. When I was in Nashville yeah I miss the weather. Of course they did get pretty hot sometimes. I'd rather be too hot than too cold. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I feel like I handle the heat better. Like we get some extremes, you know, 100 and all summer long.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: But I feel like I could handle that better. That kind of handle like a zero.
SPEAKER_L: Right. And you probably have air conditioning?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. You have to. Um I don't think our neighbors do though. We always talk about it because I never I don't see an air conditioner unit attached to their house and like I never hear it kick on and I mean they must be fine with it but I have no idea how they're living like that over there because they're windows are open all summer long. So we're always kind of looking like there has to be something but
SPEAKER_L: Ha.
SPEAKER_R: it's unimaginable because yeah you need it in the summer time. I mean It's uh we keep the house at about 77 which I think is reasonable because you know we don't want it to be on all day. Your energy bill goes through the roof. But I couldn't imagine sitting in a house where it's like 90.
SPEAKER_L: I know. Yeah. Oh
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: writing a sneeze here, I got a cold.
SPEAKER_R: you got a cold. Yeah I get crazy allergies all the time so I'll probably
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: start
SPEAKER_L: pretty
SPEAKER_R: sneeze into
SPEAKER_L: it's just a cold like my household, it's kind of gone around and it's probably from my niece who is six months old now um uh several weeks ago she first started going to daycare and one day she came home with a runny nose and since then like a series of us have got sick,
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: so it's kind of a bummer, but what are you gonna do, you know?
SPEAKER_R: yeah it's just part of having kids in the house and you know in your general area they bring everything home.
SPEAKER_L: yep. But that I adore her, she's, I've been wearing a mask around my house just just in case, you know, and, and I figure it's kind of funny that like in Japan, it's part of their culture that whenever they're sick just with a cold or anything, they were a mess to keep from spreading like even way before coronavirus. And I'm thinking, mhm hopefully that will maybe become part of our culture now because even though a cold isn't deadly, it still can really suck and make you miss work and stuff, so it be, you know, to start wearing that just to keep other people around you from getting just a cold. Seems like pretty smart. It's kind of like, duh, you know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I mean it's cold. Could cost you a ton of money like you said you gotta miss work and you just feel like L. A. For a week and especially during flu season you think you know.
SPEAKER_L: I know, Yeah, I've been movable. I've been the last like five days have just been, you know, I've just been in my room. Thank God for netflix.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's been our last seven months of our lives pretty much has been just like netflix and.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So have you, what do you do for work or was was your work affected by coronavirus at all?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I just I went fully work from home. I work for a DME company which is durable medical equipment so like oxygen machines and CPAP units, mainly those two things. Um And I used to be a technician but I started moving to sales the past couple of years so basically I went forward from home and I'm just doing sales and customer service stuff right now instead of doing like the end office stuff. So it's been cool. Um The first like month my hours were cut slightly but it bounced back back in like I'd say I got back to normal right at the end of april and
SPEAKER_L: Well that's good.
SPEAKER_R: yeah so I'm from home full time and um it's both of us, it's being, my girlfriend lives here, we bought a house last year so it's a three bedroom and she's been work from home as well so we adjusted around that you know like I got one side of the house, she's got the other
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: so so
SPEAKER_L: When
SPEAKER_R: we don't,
SPEAKER_L: she
SPEAKER_R: you know
SPEAKER_L: did
SPEAKER_R: she's a data scientist and she works on um she's working for like some government projects um like to do with veterans of fingers and stuff. It's
SPEAKER_L: gus
SPEAKER_R: pretty interesting stuff
SPEAKER_L: that you
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: can work from home. So do you get to kind of set your own hours then?
SPEAKER_R: yeah I got kind of like a floating type of situation where I don't necessarily have to be like logged in at nine a.m. As long as I'm in the general vicinity by like 10 30 you know 9 to 10 30 in the morning if anything comes through, otherwise I'll get on around 10 10 30 start going through things and
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: but yeah, it's like it's not, you know, I got to be there but I have a lot of flexibility with the hours I guess. I'll go out for a run every afternoon and I can get away with that. Um So I like it, I mean I'm hoping to keep doing this full time.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I know. I I hear a lot about, you know companies employees saying, hey wait after coronavirus, I can do my job perfectly fine from at home. So why not continue doing it? You make makes sense.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, saving companies a ton of money. Um even on like, you know just having the big office spaces but all the little things, even just things like buying coffee and paper towels and I mean that I was reading an interesting article about it the other day and they were saying cities like Chicago and stuff like that are gonna have a lot of empty real estate downtown. Probably because a lot of companies are going to try to go work from home if they can.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, yeah, it makes sense. My dad is he's out in Seattle he works doing intake for child protective services. Um, but it's all over the phone and so he's hoping to that after it's all over he can still just keep working from home because this whole job is you know basically on the phone and the computer so.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean it's great um saves all that commute time. You just gotta make sure you get out, you know and do something outside the house so you don't go crazy. I mean otherwise, you know, for a couple of weeks there when we were just adjusting, it felt like I was just going from here to the couch and like that was the only movement I was doing.
SPEAKER_L: Learning.
SPEAKER_R: And you know, I started working in going for walks and going for runs outside. We were super like lockdown in like february and March and we're not february March and april but started going to the beach again in May and you can do it safely. I know Florida got a lot of bad press with the spring breakers, but I mean that's not what the beaches down here really look like. I mean we go to the beach and we won't even see another person you know within like 20 ft of us so you can do
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: safe things. But um yeah that's you got to just get yourself out of the house.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah we yeah we were same thing in like March and then March april yeah we were like stay at home orders basically. Um
SPEAKER_R: What do you do?
SPEAKER_L: Well so so it didn't really affect me because I have been working from home anyway. Um Just real part time just kind of doing kind of stuff like this, the testing apps and websites for companies. Um I like sell stuff on Ebay and you know, I'll go go to like thrift stores and buy things and then you know sell them online. Um
SPEAKER_R: that's good. Um
SPEAKER_L: And then uh and I and I started doing music again. Actually one probably the only good thing about the coronavirus was uh it got me started to do doing live stream shows, um like on facebook and stuff, which I knew people were doing that before, but it wasn't really like a thing like it is now and my brother is a full time musician or was a full time musician out in Seattle, he's can't play any live shows right now. So he started doing livestream shows and I thought, oh hey, I could do that too. So yeah, I've been
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: doing a little of that, which is kind of fun. Make some money chips.
SPEAKER_R: what do you do you play or do you sing?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah, I play guitar and sing. So singer songwriter. Yeah, so I do covers and you know, originals and stuff like that. So that's kind of been, it's kind of opened up my um my idea of what possible with music online, which is kind of good. Um I feel like there's a lot more opportunities to like build a fan base and interact with you know, fans and stuff online, like more, there's more there than I than I thought before before, like years ago I used to do music full time playing live and that was that was what you did, but now you know, you can have so many more people watching you um
SPEAKER_R: All over the world.
SPEAKER_L: at a live, you know, while depending on what you're playing. But yeah, so that's been kind of, that's a cool thing. That's like yeah, the only good thing about the coronavirus, so now it can just go away. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: I had enough of it to I was actually I played bass and guitar as well and I was in a touring band for about 10 years um in Chicago and haven't gotten into anything since we've been here. We've only been here three years in florida. But I'm looking around and I was just starting to talk to people and reach out and try to get a new band going. And then this all hit all the Coronavirus came through and Derailed it. But yeah, we I was in a band for about 10 years with the same guys and we recorded two albums and got to tour and I definitely miss it. But the band broke up before I left. So it wasn't like I left the band, everybody, you know, kind of started having kids and couldn't go on the road anymore. So, But that's really cool. Um, I definitely miss it. So it's great that you can play online and
SPEAKER_L: I know.
SPEAKER_R: people here, you just still.
SPEAKER_L: Um Have you ever thought about this is another thing that I just kind of learned about? Well uh um like you can with technology nowadays, you know, you can record files and then send them to wherever. So I don't know if it's just like that you like playing with people for fun and stuff, but for for, you know, maybe extra money or something, hire yourself out as a basis. And just, you know, just online there's like these platforms where people are looking for people to record on their projects and um stuff like that. So I'm looking into doing that for myself or you know, being recorded, you know, having recording vocals for people and stuff like that. So.
SPEAKER_R: Another friend of mine was just mentioning that to me when we were talking, you know, on Gmail the other day about because they are doing a similar thing. They're recording album still, but everybody in different places and I don't mean like a little plug in. I should get from my phone that I could record my bass parts right there and it sounds great. He said right through the phone um That's
SPEAKER_L: like, like quality enough for like a record or cd.
SPEAKER_R: yeah and he's an engineer and he's really good with sound stuff. So he said for Base it's really easy to make it sound like really professional. I don't know if he would recommend it for guitar or vocals really per se. But he said for base um He said he actually has two of them. He says they sound great for recording bass parts.
SPEAKER_L: Oh wow. That's yeah, that's really cool. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's like $100. So
SPEAKER_L: we just um is there some kind of interface that you plug into something that plugs into the phone?
SPEAKER_R: yeah I guess he said you plug it into your plugs right into your phone probably through the headphone jack and then you plug into that and you just
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: record the baselines like that. He was saying
SPEAKER_L: Huh? That's cool.
SPEAKER_R: yeah I'm gonna look into it. Um because I wouldn't mind doing some stuff like that, I had a friend in Austin reaching out to me asking me because he wants to do like a mishmash and get a bunch of people from all around and have us all record some songs during this. So I was going to look into something for that anyway, so it's definitely something I want to look into and but I miss playing shows. I mean for me, I was always I always hated studio time, like our elves record, it just wasn't my thing. I was always at the live show, I like the fun and the atmosphere, just playing a show and I mean any time we had a record in Alabama, it was pretty miserable. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: It's a little stressful. Yeah, I've done a couple albums too and yeah, it's kind of stressful especially because I'm kind of a perfectionist and you know really critical of myself with a lot of artists are, you know, so I just think, oh I could have done better this, you know?
SPEAKER_R: you sound like the guys in my band in like the opposite of me, I was always kind of more a sloppy, you know, player, I like to kind of just playing sloppy and you know, um I think with the live, you know, we're like a rock and roll slash punk rock kind of band and it fit and with recording, you know, everything gets knocked up a level and they were always like on everything, but it always went okay. But yeah, I I wish I could sing, I always wish I could, I was born with the gift of a voice.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I love singing, I like singing different kinds of music to my own like songwriting style is kind of folk pop kind of like Sarah, McLachlan, Joni Mitchell jewel, a mix of those maybe. But but yeah, I like singing like um my last live stream that I did, I did, it was kind of like karaoke style. I had like backing tracks and I did like some musical, you know, songs from musicals and stuff like that um For fun and
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's uh yeah, it's fun. I mean, to be able to, I mean we're all finding ways right to kind of do stuff and ourselves entertained and keep doing what we love. I mean it's great that you can go out there and still sing and entertain people.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. And it's nice, there is uh there is an interactive component to it to like in live shows. you know, sometimes I would, you know, take requests or you know that kind of banter that you have. Um and I don't know if you've ever watched a facebook live stream or done one like,
SPEAKER_R: I've never done one, but I've watched a bunch yet
SPEAKER_L: so there's,
SPEAKER_R: in
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: past
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: couple of months.
SPEAKER_L: so you can interact with people, so there's always a delay, like when I see what I see of people's comments is like a minute or so later than what they actually when they actually comments. So there's a little bit of lag time there, but it's still really nice to feel to interact and I think they really appreciate it, you know, shout out and saying their names. And um so it's actually kind of fun. It's weird when I first did it, I was like, I would end a song and I'm like this is weird, nobody's clapping
SPEAKER_R: They had happened, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: feels weird, but I know they're watching and uh, so yeah, it's kind of a different, it's a different, a little bit of a different performance style I guess that by kind of getting used to of, you know? Yeah. It's neat though. It's fun.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's cool. You got to look at the screen and see the little hearts and the thumbs ups going. It's your your collapse now.
SPEAKER_L: So did you do any songwriting with the band with your own?
SPEAKER_R: I'm not lyrics though about all the music. So yeah, I contributed and all the music, but none of the words ever. The singer would usually come in with some words and then we would do the rest.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. So you start with words and then the music?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Typically or you know, or we would do something music wise and then try to take something he already had and put it on top of it. So yeah. It
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: was Typically done like that though, I'd say 90% of the time.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Do you have um like is your stuff like on Itunes and or any platforms?
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Spotify has two albums um called The Sleepers was the name of the band and one Elmo's comeback special and the other one was pushing nationwide and I think they're they're yeah, they're both still on Spotify.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. The sleepers. I like that name. What what what is uh their story behind the name?
SPEAKER_R: They had the name already when I joined, they had a bass player before me but I said the way I took it is um they just, that singer picked it and he said it was just always kind of, the sleepers was always like an underdog type thing. I guess you get like that like you know they call it a sleeper I guess in baseball or football, the team is, you know, kind of pick the lose and then wins. Um
SPEAKER_L: okay. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: I've
SPEAKER_R: that's how
SPEAKER_L: never heard that term. I'm not into sports at all.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, I guess that's kind of why you picked it, but um But yeah, there's some stuff under, do you have anything out on Spotify or anything?
SPEAKER_L: Um I think, I don't know about Spotify. I think. I think so. But uh, like Itunes and amazon and uh, at least those two, I mean it's not a bunch more that I went through cd Baby, you know? You know.
SPEAKER_R: I remember. Yeah, we do that before
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and like they don't sell physical albums anymore but they still do the distribution. So I have your stuff on Itunes and and and uh like amazon recon by digital there out of my physical cds basically. I just have enough of those left to sell like if I ever do live shows. Um But yeah, I I go by Anissa Hayes.
SPEAKER_R: and lisa Hayes. Okay, cool. Yeah. Eh
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: And S. A. Is it
SPEAKER_L: a and I S. A. And then hes Yeah so
SPEAKER_R: I'd like
SPEAKER_L: one
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: check
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: it out.
SPEAKER_L: the album that's uh is called finding home is my last one. It's kind of
SPEAKER_R: Finding home.
SPEAKER_L: yeah It's kind of old. It was like 2007. It's been a while since I've recorded anything besides when I was in Nashville, I recorded demos like uh but um which was kind of fun and that was kind of a different thing too because I kind of did some like country and some kind of alternative country just because um I was co writing with other people and that's kind of the thing that they were doing you know? But yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's awesome. I'll definitely check it out and watch for a live stream and some of the music.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah I'm on facebook to it's nothing like you know I don't have a huge following or anything, you know it's it's uh but I hope I kind of hoped to kind of build things up and be able to do music full time again. So um Yeah. Do you guys you well you probably don't have a website or anything anymore but I could just find you on on Spotify or.
SPEAKER_R: has the albums and I'm sure there's, it's other places as well, but Spotify is the main place and the website, I think we just kind of let it go before I moved. We were doing like an occasional, maybe one show a year, you know, just for fun and I'm sure we'll do another one here there, but the website was like, no point in keeping it anymore,
SPEAKER_L: Well yeah. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: so just
SPEAKER_L: I don't have
SPEAKER_R: kind of let it go.
SPEAKER_L: anymore either because I wasn't doing anything and now yeah you know I will get another one at some point here. But for now facebook works because pretty much I'm doing facebook live shows and that's you know
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, that's great. Keep at it. And, you know,
SPEAKER_L: look music page, you know it's just facebook facebook dot com slash Anissa haze music.
SPEAKER_R: And you say his music, Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: I'm gonna check it out.
SPEAKER_L: my next live stream I think is going to be a kids show just for fun. Um You know I like kids and I know a lot of kids songs and I learned a few so I don't know I thought would be fun for kids to have something to to watch. But there are some of the other live streams that I did are up on my page. Um.
SPEAKER_R: cool.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: It's the kid shows a great idea because I mean, parents are trying so hard to keep kids entertained right now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah and you know I don't know how it's going to do money wise, like if it's going to be worth worth worth it for that aspect but it'll still be fun because uh you know people tip, I've gotten pretty good money in tips and you know who knows how the parent parents would want to do that but it'll still be fun and still engage people and. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: definitely.
SPEAKER_L: so do you have any kids?
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: No?
SPEAKER_R: no kids now, do you?
SPEAKER_L: No I don't have any just me, my niece and nephews. Um Yeah
SPEAKER_R: I got my dog.
SPEAKER_L: I don't want
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm not, I was never sold on that either. I just like I said, I like my nieces and nephews and dogs and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's nice to enjoy them and then give them back.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, that's how I will get into. I mean I love kids like you said, but I never really wanted one that was full time.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah there's a lot of work when I was Well 20 years ago maybe I uh I worked in a daycare um for about three years with infants and toddlers. Um and then I had a younger brother and sister who had you know kind of helps take care of and what so like I've seen like I know how much work it is, a lot of work and I wasn't and that wasn't even you know doing it full time when your apparent it has, you know. So I was. Yeah. Yeah. How much?
SPEAKER_R: it's full time. Yeah, like times 100 when you're a parent.
SPEAKER_L: You have any pets?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. One dog.
SPEAKER_L: What kind?
SPEAKER_R: Um she's like half german, shepherd and a half I think like eight other things. She's definitely a lot landmark. She's cute. She's a
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: got her in july, she's about three years old. We rescued her from a shelter down here.
SPEAKER_L: so,
SPEAKER_R: Um, yeah, she was on her last couple of weeks so they pulled her out of there, one of the, you know, bad shelters, they brought her to a local one and we went, got her there. Uh She's really good. I think the reason she was there because she's super hyper and she could be a bit much I guess. But um you know she's settling down and she's doing great. I think she's really happy here. We got a big yard and she likes running around. I take
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: her swimming.
SPEAKER_L: helps. That helps. I think that's like that's a huge thing that, do you know who cesar millan is
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. The dog whisper
SPEAKER_L: he always like that's the number one thing is them getting exercise? Like forbidden.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. They got him burn that energy off and I think the family that had her, she might have been just a bit too much, you know she is a ball of energy. Um But yeah, she's great and going to get a second one sometime soon so she has a play, you know friend. You got any pets?
SPEAKER_L: have a cat here. She's really cute. Well, two cats actually, but one lives in grandma's like my grandma's kind of wing of the house. It's kind of like a mother in law apartment sort of, it's like her own area, so cat stays in there. But yeah, I like we have got to, oh
SPEAKER_R: You must like the cat better.
SPEAKER_L: I I am a cat person, but
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: we have a labradoodle more of my mom's. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I like cats too but I'm super allergic. So we had one growing up and uh you know it just cause a lot of allergies for me. So the cat would stay in one part of the house and you know not really come around my room or anything so. But yeah probably can't get another one just cause allergies. They're great
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: though.
SPEAKER_L: we've done over 25 minutes so we've reached our are goal.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It was great talking to you and I'm gonna go look up your music and stuff. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I look yours up to, what was your name though?
SPEAKER_R: chris Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and your name was the same
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: name as your music. I'm guessing he says okay cool. Yeah nice to meet you and I'll check it out and I'm sure we'll talk again.