Yeah can you hear me? Okay?
Good. Um So I have my phone timer here if you want I can keep track of the time, Make sure we do 25 minutes.
Yeah. So where are you from? Where are you right now?
Okay. That sounds nice.
I hear you. Yeah
I was born in the Chicago area but I um I live in michigan now. I've lived all over the place but about five years ago I moved to Nashville for six years. Um Well it was no it wasn't five it's been five years since I've been back but same thing the midwest winters were not not uh
not what I wanted to experience so.
College.
Uh Midwest um Muskegon area. Know if you've heard?
Okay. Yeah that's about that's a couple hours east um Of where I am. Yeah I am Harbert once for a concert. Nice little nice place.
yeah I bet. Well that's nice.
Yeah. Yeah. So does where you are in florida? Does it does it get like what's the coldest that it gets in the winter?
it ever snow?
No.
so that's pretty good. Yeah that's pretty good.
definitely. Yeah. When I was in Nashville yeah I miss the weather. Of course they did get pretty hot sometimes. I'd rather be too hot than too cold. Uh huh.
What?
Right. And you probably have air conditioning?
Ha.
I know. Yeah. Oh
writing a sneeze here, I got a cold.
I'm
pretty
it's just a cold like my household, it's kind of gone around and it's probably from my niece who is six months old now um uh several weeks ago she first started going to daycare and one day she came home with a runny nose and since then like a series of us have got sick,
so it's kind of a bummer, but what are you gonna do, you know?
yep. But that I adore her, she's, I've been wearing a mask around my house just just in case, you know, and, and I figure it's kind of funny that like in Japan, it's part of their culture that whenever they're sick just with a cold or anything, they were a mess to keep from spreading like even way before coronavirus. And I'm thinking, mhm hopefully that will maybe become part of our culture now because even though a cold isn't deadly, it still can really suck and make you miss work and stuff, so it be, you know, to start wearing that just to keep other people around you from getting just a cold. Seems like pretty smart. It's kind of like, duh, you know.
I know, Yeah, I've been movable. I've been the last like five days have just been, you know, I've just been in my room. Thank God for netflix.
Yeah. So have you, what do you do for work or was was your work affected by coronavirus at all?
Well that's good.
All
When
she
did
gus
that you
can work from home. So do you get to kind of set your own hours then?
No.
Yeah, I know. I I hear a lot about, you know companies employees saying, hey wait after coronavirus, I can do my job perfectly fine from at home. So why not continue doing it? You make makes sense.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, yeah, it makes sense. My dad is he's out in Seattle he works doing intake for child protective services. Um, but it's all over the phone and so he's hoping to that after it's all over he can still just keep working from home because this whole job is you know basically on the phone and the computer so.
Learning.
that's
Yeah we yeah we were same thing in like March and then March april yeah we were like stay at home orders basically. Um
Well so so it didn't really affect me because I have been working from home anyway. Um Just real part time just kind of doing kind of stuff like this, the testing apps and websites for companies. Um I like sell stuff on Ebay and you know, I'll go go to like thrift stores and buy things and then you know sell them online. Um
And then uh and I and I started doing music again. Actually one probably the only good thing about the coronavirus was uh it got me started to do doing live stream shows, um like on facebook and stuff, which I knew people were doing that before, but it wasn't really like a thing like it is now and my brother is a full time musician or was a full time musician out in Seattle, he's can't play any live shows right now. So he started doing livestream shows and I thought, oh hey, I could do that too. So yeah, I've been
doing a little of that, which is kind of fun. Make some money chips.
Yeah, yeah, I play guitar and sing. So singer songwriter. Yeah, so I do covers and you know, originals and stuff like that. So that's kind of been, it's kind of opened up my um my idea of what possible with music online, which is kind of good. Um I feel like there's a lot more opportunities to like build a fan base and interact with you know, fans and stuff online, like more, there's more there than I than I thought before before, like years ago I used to do music full time playing live and that was that was what you did, but now you know, you can have so many more people watching you um
at a live, you know, while depending on what you're playing. But yeah, so that's been kind of, that's a cool thing. That's like yeah, the only good thing about the coronavirus, so now it can just go away. Uh huh.
I know.
Um Have you ever thought about this is another thing that I just kind of learned about? Well uh um like you can with technology nowadays, you know, you can record files and then send them to wherever. So I don't know if it's just like that you like playing with people for fun and stuff, but for for, you know, maybe extra money or something, hire yourself out as a basis. And just, you know, just online there's like these platforms where people are looking for people to record on their projects and um stuff like that. So I'm looking into doing that for myself or you know, being recorded, you know, having recording vocals for people and stuff like that. So.
like, like quality enough for like a record or cd.
Oh wow. That's yeah, that's really cool. So
we just um is there some kind of interface that you plug into something that plugs into the phone?
But
Huh? That's cool.
It's a little stressful. Yeah, I've done a couple albums too and yeah, it's kind of stressful especially because I'm kind of a perfectionist and you know really critical of myself with a lot of artists are, you know, so I just think, oh I could have done better this, you know?
Yeah. I love singing, I like singing different kinds of music to my own like songwriting style is kind of folk pop kind of like Sarah, McLachlan, Joni Mitchell jewel, a mix of those maybe. But but yeah, I like singing like um my last live stream that I did, I did, it was kind of like karaoke style. I had like backing tracks and I did like some musical, you know, songs from musicals and stuff like that um For fun and
Yeah. Yeah. And it's nice, there is uh there is an interactive component to it to like in live shows. you know, sometimes I would, you know, take requests or you know that kind of banter that you have. Um and I don't know if you've ever watched a facebook live stream or done one like,
so there's,
you
know
that
so you can interact with people, so there's always a delay, like when I see what I see of people's comments is like a minute or so later than what they actually when they actually comments. So there's a little bit of lag time there, but it's still really nice to feel to interact and I think they really appreciate it, you know, shout out and saying their names. And um so it's actually kind of fun. It's weird when I first did it, I was like, I would end a song and I'm like this is weird, nobody's clapping
feels weird, but I know they're watching and uh, so yeah, it's kind of a different, it's a different, a little bit of a different performance style I guess that by kind of getting used to of, you know? Yeah. It's neat though. It's fun.
So did you do any songwriting with the band with your own?
Okay. So you start with words and then the music?
Okay.
Yeah. Do you have um like is your stuff like on Itunes and or any platforms?
Okay. The sleepers. I like that name. What what what is uh their story behind the name?
okay. Okay.
But
I've
never heard that term. I'm not into sports at all.
Um I think, I don't know about Spotify. I think. I think so. But uh, like Itunes and amazon and uh, at least those two, I mean it's not a bunch more that I went through cd Baby, you know? You know.
Yeah and like they don't sell physical albums anymore but they still do the distribution. So I have your stuff on Itunes and and and uh like amazon recon by digital there out of my physical cds basically. I just have enough of those left to sell like if I ever do live shows. Um But yeah, I I go by Anissa Hayes.
and
a and I S. A. And then hes Yeah so
one
of
my
the album that's uh is called finding home is my last one. It's kind of
yeah It's kind of old. It was like 2007. It's been a while since I've recorded anything besides when I was in Nashville, I recorded demos like uh but um which was kind of fun and that was kind of a different thing too because I kind of did some like country and some kind of alternative country just because um I was co writing with other people and that's kind of the thing that they were doing you know? But yeah.
Yeah. Yeah I'm on facebook to it's nothing like you know I don't have a huge following or anything, you know it's it's uh but I hope I kind of hoped to kind of build things up and be able to do music full time again. So um Yeah. Do you guys you well you probably don't have a website or anything anymore but I could just find you on on Spotify or.
Well yeah. Yeah
I don't have
anymore either because I wasn't doing anything and now yeah you know I will get another one at some point here. But for now facebook works because pretty much I'm doing facebook live shows and that's you know
look music page, you know it's just facebook facebook dot com slash Anissa haze music.
so
my next live stream I think is going to be a kids show just for fun. Um You know I like kids and I know a lot of kids songs and I learned a few so I don't know I thought would be fun for kids to have something to to watch. But there are some of the other live streams that I did are up on my page. Um.
Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah and you know I don't know how it's going to do money wise, like if it's going to be worth worth worth it for that aspect but it'll still be fun because uh you know people tip, I've gotten pretty good money in tips and you know who knows how the parent parents would want to do that but it'll still be fun and still engage people and. Yeah
so do you have any kids?
No?
No I don't have any just me, my niece and nephews. Um Yeah
I don't want
Yeah it's nice to enjoy them and then give them back.
Yeah there's a lot of work when I was Well 20 years ago maybe I uh I worked in a daycare um for about three years with infants and toddlers. Um and then I had a younger brother and sister who had you know kind of helps take care of and what so like I've seen like I know how much work it is, a lot of work and I wasn't and that wasn't even you know doing it full time when your apparent it has, you know. So I was. Yeah. Yeah. How much?
You have any pets?
What kind?
but
so,
that
helps. That helps. I think that's like that's a huge thing that, do you know who cesar millan is
he always like that's the number one thing is them getting exercise? Like forbidden.
have a cat here. She's really cute. Well, two cats actually, but one lives in grandma's like my grandma's kind of wing of the house. It's kind of like a mother in law apartment sort of, it's like her own area, so cat stays in there. But yeah, I like we have got to, oh
I I am a cat person, but
we have a labradoodle more of my mom's. Yeah.
Well
we've done over 25 minutes so we've reached our are goal.
Yeah. Yeah. I look yours up to, what was your name though?
Yeah.
And