Yeah. Hi, can you hear me?
All right, how's it going?
Yeah, definitely. Great.
Uh from Chicago um lived there most of my life but we are in central florida now in a place called Winter garden.
Yeah it's pretty cool. We moved down here three years ago just me and my girlfriend and just looking for a change from Chicago. Uh you know I got tired of the weather and the congestion and it's pretty nice down here, warm weather and
it's cool.
Mhm.
They're rough, they wore on me eventually. Um yeah, we love Michigan, my girlfriend's actually from Michigan and if it was up to her 100% we'd be living in Michigan right now. She she
would give anything to move back up there. But this was our compromise. Which part are you in liquid general area?
I think I know it. She was from like the harbor area.
Oh yeah, yeah, we went there for a concert. last thanksgiving were up there visiting her family and bob Seger was playing and it's her favorite being a michigan girl so it was kind of cool to see him in michigan.
Yeah. Yeah michigan's great. Um I mean she without a doubt we would be up there right now but I just can't do the cold anymore. I was born in Louisiana. We didn't live there long but I got like alligator blood just you know from the start of my life, Chicago was pretty painful for me.
Um Well we get like from mid december probably through january. Um You get some nights where you could be in like the forties so.
No
it hasn't. It did once I think now while we were hearing like we're talking like 15, 16 years ago I think they had frost cooling.
Yeah it's nice um You know and it's you know nice to be able to go out and walk around on the beach and you know, still be doing outdoorsy things this time of year when up in Chicago we went last week to visit some family and you know, I had to wear a jacket. It is, you know, you just feel like you get longer more outdoor time. So I mean I like it.
Yeah. I feel like I handle the heat better. Like we get some extremes, you know, 100 and all summer long.
But I feel like I could handle that better. That kind of handle like a zero.
Yeah. Yeah. You have to. Um I don't think our neighbors do though. We always talk about it because I never I don't see an air conditioner unit attached to their house and like I never hear it kick on and I mean they must be fine with it but I have no idea how they're living like that over there because they're windows are open all summer long. So we're always kind of looking like there has to be something but
it's unimaginable because yeah you need it in the summer time. I mean It's uh we keep the house at about 77 which I think is reasonable because you know we don't want it to be on all day. Your energy bill goes through the roof. But I couldn't imagine sitting in a house where it's like 90.
So
you got a cold. Yeah I get crazy allergies all the time so I'll probably
start
sneeze into
But
yeah it's just part of having kids in the house and you know in your general area they bring everything home.
Yeah I mean it's cold. Could cost you a ton of money like you said you gotta miss work and you just feel like L. A. For a week and especially during flu season you think you know.
Yeah that's been our last seven months of our lives pretty much has been just like netflix and.
Yeah I just I went fully work from home. I work for a DME company which is durable medical equipment so like oxygen machines and CPAP units, mainly those two things. Um And I used to be a technician but I started moving to sales the past couple of years so basically I went forward from home and I'm just doing sales and customer service stuff right now instead of doing like the end office stuff. So it's been cool. Um The first like month my hours were cut slightly but it bounced back back in like I'd say I got back to normal right at the end of april and
yeah so I'm from home full time and um it's both of us, it's being, my girlfriend lives here, we bought a house last year so it's a three bedroom and she's been work from home as well so we adjusted around that you know like I got one side of the house, she's got the other
so so
we don't,
you know
she's a data scientist and she works on um she's working for like some government projects um like to do with veterans of fingers and stuff. It's
pretty interesting stuff
and
yeah I got kind of like a floating type of situation where I don't necessarily have to be like logged in at nine a.m. As long as I'm in the general vicinity by like 10 30 you know 9 to 10 30 in the morning if anything comes through, otherwise I'll get on around 10 10 30 start going through things and
but yeah, it's like it's not, you know, I got to be there but I have a lot of flexibility with the hours I guess. I'll go out for a run every afternoon and I can get away with that. Um So I like it, I mean I'm hoping to keep doing this full time.
Yes, saving companies a ton of money. Um even on like, you know just having the big office spaces but all the little things, even just things like buying coffee and paper towels and I mean that I was reading an interesting article about it the other day and they were saying cities like Chicago and stuff like that are gonna have a lot of empty real estate downtown. Probably because a lot of companies are going to try to go work from home if they can.
Yeah, I mean it's great um saves all that commute time. You just gotta make sure you get out, you know and do something outside the house so you don't go crazy. I mean otherwise, you know, for a couple of weeks there when we were just adjusting, it felt like I was just going from here to the couch and like that was the only movement I was doing.
And you know, I started working in going for walks and going for runs outside. We were super like lockdown in like february and March and we're not february March and april but started going to the beach again in May and you can do it safely. I know Florida got a lot of bad press with the spring breakers, but I mean that's not what the beaches down here really look like. I mean we go to the beach and we won't even see another person you know within like 20 ft of us so you can do
safe things. But um yeah that's you got to just get yourself out of the house.
What do you do?
that's good. Um
and
what do you do you play or do you sing?
All over the world.
I had enough of it to I was actually I played bass and guitar as well and I was in a touring band for about 10 years um in Chicago and haven't gotten into anything since we've been here. We've only been here three years in florida. But I'm looking around and I was just starting to talk to people and reach out and try to get a new band going. And then this all hit all the Coronavirus came through and Derailed it. But yeah, we I was in a band for about 10 years with the same guys and we recorded two albums and got to tour and I definitely miss it. But the band broke up before I left. So it wasn't like I left the band, everybody, you know, kind of started having kids and couldn't go on the road anymore. So, But that's really cool. Um, I definitely miss it. So it's great that you can play online and
people here, you just still.
Another friend of mine was just mentioning that to me when we were talking, you know, on Gmail the other day about because they are doing a similar thing. They're recording album still, but everybody in different places and I don't mean like a little plug in. I should get from my phone that I could record my bass parts right there and it sounds great. He said right through the phone um That's
yeah and he's an engineer and he's really good with sound stuff. So he said for Base it's really easy to make it sound like really professional. I don't know if he would recommend it for guitar or vocals really per se. But he said for base um He said he actually has two of them. He says they sound great for recording bass parts.
Yeah it's like $100. So
yeah I guess he said you plug it into your plugs right into your phone probably through the headphone jack and then you plug into that and you just
record the baselines like that. He was saying
yeah I'm gonna look into it. Um because I wouldn't mind doing some stuff like that, I had a friend in Austin reaching out to me asking me because he wants to do like a mishmash and get a bunch of people from all around and have us all record some songs during this. So I was going to look into something for that anyway, so it's definitely something I want to look into and but I miss playing shows. I mean for me, I was always I always hated studio time, like our elves record, it just wasn't my thing. I was always at the live show, I like the fun and the atmosphere, just playing a show and I mean any time we had a record in Alabama, it was pretty miserable. Mhm
you sound like the guys in my band in like the opposite of me, I was always kind of more a sloppy, you know, player, I like to kind of just playing sloppy and you know, um I think with the live, you know, we're like a rock and roll slash punk rock kind of band and it fit and with recording, you know, everything gets knocked up a level and they were always like on everything, but it always went okay. But yeah, I I wish I could sing, I always wish I could, I was born with the gift of a voice.
Yeah, that's uh yeah, it's fun. I mean, to be able to, I mean we're all finding ways right to kind of do stuff and ourselves entertained and keep doing what we love. I mean it's great that you can go out there and still sing and entertain people.
I've never done one, but I've watched a bunch yet
in
the
past
couple of months.
They had happened, yeah.
Yeah. That's cool. You got to look at the screen and see the little hearts and the thumbs ups going. It's your your collapse now.
I'm not lyrics though about all the music. So yeah, I contributed and all the music, but none of the words ever. The singer would usually come in with some words and then we would do the rest.
Yeah. Yeah. Typically or you know, or we would do something music wise and then try to take something he already had and put it on top of it. So yeah. It
was Typically done like that though, I'd say 90% of the time.
Yes. Spotify has two albums um called The Sleepers was the name of the band and one Elmo's comeback special and the other one was pushing nationwide and I think they're they're yeah, they're both still on Spotify.
They had the name already when I joined, they had a bass player before me but I said the way I took it is um they just, that singer picked it and he said it was just always kind of, the sleepers was always like an underdog type thing. I guess you get like that like you know they call it a sleeper I guess in baseball or football, the team is, you know, kind of pick the lose and then wins. Um
Yeah,
I think
that's how
Oh yeah, I guess that's kind of why you picked it, but um But yeah, there's some stuff under, do you have anything out on Spotify or anything?
I remember. Yeah, we do that before
and lisa Hayes. Okay, cool. Yeah. Eh
And S. A. Is it
I'd like
to
check
it out.
Finding home.
Yeah, that's awesome. I'll definitely check it out and watch for a live stream and some of the music.
has the albums and I'm sure there's, it's other places as well, but Spotify is the main place and the website, I think we just kind of let it go before I moved. We were doing like an occasional, maybe one show a year, you know, just for fun and I'm sure we'll do another one here there, but the website was like, no point in keeping it anymore,
so just
kind of let it go.
Yeah. Yeah, that's great. Keep at it. And, you know,
And you say his music, Yeah,
I'm gonna check it out.
cool.
It's the kid shows a great idea because I mean, parents are trying so hard to keep kids entertained right now.
definitely.
No,
no kids now, do you?
I got my dog.
Yeah, I'm not, I was never sold on that either. I just like I said, I like my nieces and nephews and dogs and
yeah, that's how I will get into. I mean I love kids like you said, but I never really wanted one that was full time.
it's full time. Yeah, like times 100 when you're a parent.
Yeah. One dog.
Um she's like half german, shepherd and a half I think like eight other things. She's definitely a lot landmark. She's cute. She's a
got her in july, she's about three years old. We rescued her from a shelter down here.
Um, yeah, she was on her last couple of weeks so they pulled her out of there, one of the, you know, bad shelters, they brought her to a local one and we went, got her there. Uh She's really good. I think the reason she was there because she's super hyper and she could be a bit much I guess. But um you know she's settling down and she's doing great. I think she's really happy here. We got a big yard and she likes running around. I take
her swimming.
Yeah. The dog whisper
Yeah. They got him burn that energy off and I think the family that had her, she might have been just a bit too much, you know she is a ball of energy. Um But yeah, she's great and going to get a second one sometime soon so she has a play, you know friend. You got any pets?
You must like the cat better.
I
I like cats too but I'm super allergic. So we had one growing up and uh you know it just cause a lot of allergies for me. So the cat would stay in one part of the house and you know not really come around my room or anything so. But yeah probably can't get another one just cause allergies. They're great
though.
Yeah. It was great talking to you and I'm gonna go look up your music and stuff. So
chris Yeah
and your name was the same
name as your music. I'm guessing he says okay cool. Yeah nice to meet you and I'll check it out and I'm sure we'll talk again.