well home,
happy
Wednesday.
No. Nice to meet you too.
I'm Matthew again. Your name ain't Okay. Y
okay I gotcha.
It's going good. This is my last day before I start work again. I'm a teacher.
How long have they been teachers for?
Well bless their ar 15 years. A long time.
I teach history I teach us history in african american history.
Yes. What else?
Well sometimes people I mean to judge me by my skin colour when I teach african american history I said it's not about teaching it's about what you're teaching. I think it's more about the content rather than who's teaching. I mean I think the important thing is across you know there's a lot of people think of the big names like MLK. Whereas apart there's a lot more african american other than that I mean you got to understand the roots to of
it
before you get to that part. I mean yeah I'm not saying these people are not important because they are there's a lot more to it.
The U.
S. History. No one bats an eye. But whenever I tell them I also teach african american history
so I get some look sometimes.
You know that's
where we are today. I mean I mean that's that's how people judge people based on you know the colours can I mean it was both plays at the same time. I mean you can somebody from white and black but it's that's that's where we are today that sadly we need to get over that were much bigger than
that.
So
what do
you do Kane?
No.
Well I would ask you to show me some but that's not really talking. I don't know if we'll get in trouble
for that.
So what are you hoping to do with that? I agree.
I would love that amount of money.
reverse the tail. In other words,
I
can't imagine. I mean, you know I learned spanish and I have like a, I took four years of spanish in high school but I lost it all. I mean it's like once you once you don't use it, you lose it.
Well that's that's a good question. When I'm not at the school. I mean it seems like I'm not there a lot of them. Are you gonna do some gaming on the side? I run in the morning. Um I love to travel and there's not covid going on.
I mean that kind of helps out in the, but I mean you know last year and I'll talk about what I did last year a little bit. I went to north Carolina and went to the Blue Ridge Parkway. I don't know if you know where that is.
It's like in the mountains and like, and like if you go to a certain part of Blue Ridge Parkway, you can be within 20 miles of like 50 waterfalls. So I hiked a bunch of waterfalls. I mean I got tons of pictures. I mean me, I love hiking, that's one of my favorite things to do.
How about yourself?
It is beautiful. If
you ever have a chance to go up there.
Blue Ridge Parkway, it's called the Blue Ridge Parkway. It's there's someone in Georgia. It's in like south Carolina. Some of it's in north Carolina, the main part of its in north Carolina.
Yeah, I can see it. I can. What is that made of?
That's glowing
pretty cool. Do you sell those or you just like, like
your collection?
Sounds like my mom in the aspect she loves going to thrift stores and she loves like flipping stuff.
it's
it's
it's
it's for luck of the draw. I mean you could really you could really have the like the jackpot in other words by you know, going the right place, forgive my eyes. I'm like I'm looking at you in the eyes and the screen but like my cameras up here so it's like
look when I see my picture, I'm like okay this is I'm not looking at the US, it's
just
that
so you pay by the pound. I've never heard that in my life before.
So $99 a pound is what you said.
I mean they could work out really good or I mean, you know everyone someone might not be so good but like $0.99 a pound. Like it's cheap. You
get £10, $10 and you know, you don't know what you're gonna get. £10..
I'm from florida by the way.
Can I can kind of hear that accent just a little bit
what I would say. Maybe the Jersey one, a little bit
philadelphia is the city of brotherly love, as they would call it. Like, like some of the people there are from what I hear is there, sometimes they're very rude.
I
mean like, I don't know the eagles. I mean, I'm thinking like I'm sports fan. I'm thinking like the eagles, the stadium. Like remember the one time they booed santa claus off the field? There's a video of that somewhere where they booed santa claus off the field.
I
have some relatives that are up there around pennsylvania, around lancaster and like Coatesville pennsylvania. I don't know if you know where those areas are
on
this country.
Yes, I've been up there several times. I love it.
You
haven't
been home discovered And you and you live up there.
Well, yeah, but you're I've been up there a couple times. You're like in the same state.
your
states? I got the state's backwards. I thought you were in Philly.
for Kalia.
We don't have any Turkey hills down here. But wa wa came into town recently. Log in their sobs.
Yes. You got you got to go there and you got to get something you can put whatever you want on the stuff. That's that's the great thing about I mean, there's like my new job because I'm just switching watching schools, I'm still teaching at ST like I'm switching schools, doing the same exact thing almost like you know, what are the odds and the wall? All right down the road. I'm excited about it.
How long have you been doing? Are you with? You do prolific too? I'm assuming you do because I mean, I don't know. I don't know. It could be, you know, who knows what they're doing with this experiment is where they're getting the data. I'm just I just recently started I found I found that it's a nice extra income.
It's fun to I mean like, you know, some of the surveys are like, you know, it's like I'm I don't even know that I'm doing it to be honest. It's
like a little
quiz.
Well here I'm getting paid to talk to somebody. That's it.
No, I have not done this before.
I mean
it's it's easy money. I'm not going
to blame.
Right? I do this one that I do. Um, I do a site called user testing.
We're okay. So you probably, I mean, I go and read it and I see what sites are. You know,
you have a beer money. Oh,
I mean, yeah, it's a small world, isn't it?
I mean the people who are like into this stuff, they generally find other stuff like this and they all find it from the same place just about. So that's that's how that works.
I mean, I got stuff on my lock screen for like 10 cents a day. I mean, you know, it's like, it adds up over time.
There's something called it. There's now called S'more
And
it pays you 10 cents
and you just, it's just so lock screen add. That's all it is. I mean, it's a relatively, I mean, it's it's painless.
I don't have the same problem I don't draw
oh my drive a bunch of red and blue pants
It's more is what it's called. It's like 10 cents a day for unlocking your phone. It's ridiculous. I don't need to unlock at one.
Yeah there's another one I do um it's called up voice. I don't know if you know that one
that one is extension you put on your chrome browser and it that was not money but it's amazon gift cards which almost the same thing you asked me and it just pays you to visit facebook once a day or instagram once a day. And it's one of those websites just one a day you know once a day
and we get tokens
and stuff. Yeah I mean you are there any ways I mean I think what they do is they collect the data from the ads and they you know they data mine that whatever. I mean they're already data mine anyways.
The risk parkway.
No I haven't heard that matches what it's called. Like a dog patches of own.
It's
already halfway there. Yeah.
Got a referral code.
I wonder if we're breaking some violation by talking about this.
Talking about making money so. Mhm. Let me I don't know off the top of my head if I have. I know voice has one. Yeah. Can't leave this window can I?
no I don't rescue.
No I don't have it on my phone. No I don't know because it's it's a Chrome browser. Don't worry about
it's not
big.
Hold on hold on. Way too fast. Okay
well I made to the text myself felt that.
All right you said it was
a G. K. K. K. That's pretty easy to remember.
But
yeah, take a look at it. Why not? At this point? I mean, But there's a there's a threat on the beer money. Read it. I don't know if you use Reddit or not.
It's
called massive earnings. Like if you google it, you'll probably able to find it. And like that's how I found most of the stuff here like without voice and I'm smaller and all that. Like it's just like a list and it's like, it will tell you like what's the expected earnings per month on it.
No, I mean it adds up. I think it will earn like $2 or $3,000 a month. I'm like, wow. Like to earn two or $3,000 a month.
It's like a mortgage that's like a couple of mortgage payments.
Well,
I I can't relate. I'm going back in full time starting tomorrow.
Well, the good news I like, you know the news is they're giving them an option to virtual or you know hybrid. We're doing hybrid. Most this like of our school population um Roughly 60% of them are doing virtual someone. We're going to be teaching like 40% of them. So I mean it's gonna be a lot smaller class sizes and stuff.
I mean I understand cases like that there's sometimes where like they have a choice and they just want free babysitting and I think that's kind of abuse of the system. I mean like there's some people like, okay, I can understand you need to do this because you need to go to work. I understand that I have no problem or your son or daughter that's like special needs and they need to be in person. Like I understand that, but like some of them and they're just abusing the system. Mhm.
so we're going to do daily temperature checks. Which that's great if they're symptomatic. But there's some of them are like asymptomatic, so that's the problem. But besides the point, I mean at this point I have no option. I need a paycheck so I have to go into work. I mean I can't really I can't I'm not going to strike or anything like that. My concern is like florida hotspot for it. So that's a little concerning. I mean they were like people protesting when we when we said, oh we're going to do virtual only there are people out there protesting and stop them like
Well, I mean I tell my students, as I tell them, I said, you can get upset all you want, you can get angry, you can throw a fit. What are you gonna do about it? You gotta put yourself into action. You know, if you're upset about all these systems in place, this is, you know, seen or whatever. He said run for office, use your vote, you know, go out there and campaign for somebody you believe in. You know, you can get upset all you want, but until you do something about it and nothing's going to change. I mean, I can throw a fit my chair all I want. But well I get out and do something that actually promoting good cause nothing's going to happen. I mean, I tell them all the time. It says it's one thing to get upset about. It's nothing to do something about it.
Yeah, there's too much stuff going on. I agree with that.
It's
brewing at one. It's exploding.
And
they want to get that's the thing.
They want to get out getting cabin fever.
My it's my last day. Yes.
Nice meeting you came,
You too.