Yeah. Uh huh. Okay.
Hi.
Good.
Every Wednesday. Nice to meet you.
I'm k what's your name?
Yes.
Well how's your day?
Okay, that's awesome. My parents are teachers. Yeah.
My mom was a teacher for 15 years. Um Yes and she's taught from like kindergarten all the way to eighth grade and like math science social studies. Um English anything. Ah
Yes it is and the only reason she stopped is because she's a disability now, so she's on disability retirement and then my step dad, So like eight years. Um he teaches technology and math. So in high school teacher. Yeah. What do you teach?
Oh that's awesome.
What do you like, what is the biggest challenge that you find like when doing it?
and
now,
yeah it's a lot
of
what
it's like really, what do you know? But it's like honestly I've had people criticized with my spanish teacher in high school. She was a, she was spanish cedar Obuchi's asian. And before we got there they were like oh how does she gonna teach us anything? And I'm like how does that how does the color of your skin equal knowledge? Like
it doesn't.
there's
definitely a wide, I'm sorry
I need
it.
Um I'm actually a student right now. I'm a
student to become a american sign language interpreter. Yeah it's a lot
but
like it's pretty cool. It's just so many layers. Like I feel like I'm a baby again. Like like hey this is apple, this is candy. You know like it's like I feel like I'm it's like when you're learning a new language you start from toddler. You know it's like here the colors and now I'm like higher up like I can I can have a conversation with someone um in style language but like I there's so much to learn. Like I'm going into my third class now Because it's not just three it's um I think there's five S. L. Classes and then there's um finger spelling linguistics. Uh I stand for so many different components and then I get into the interpreting courses. So it's like
there's a lot you can do with that degree. I originally wanted to be an art therapist but I would have to move across the country to do that or I would have to go to a super expensive school. So I'm like okay well I'm going to start with um deaf studies because it's like that super versatile and then whatever I choose to do it's good to have like on my resume. Well I mean there's anything like think about now like there are certain interpreters that are getting paid $300 an hour because. Okay.
I know so what I but it's just because um there's a need with all the news coverage going on right? And like people were home and they need that instant news because it's like it could be life or death, you know? Yeah. So it's that um, I could be, I could be alongside teachers, I could be in the medical field. It's just um,
it's really cool. It's just a lot of work to start from Square
one.
I lost my my spanish and I took like I did really well in the class but I didn't retain it. It's like there's a learning it and absorbing it and I did. But um, what are your hobbies like what do you like to do like on the side?
Where
I know about north Carolina. Just never heard about that part though.
That's
amazing. Like I kind of want to look that look into that you said Blue
Lord,
Blue Ridge north Carolina.
Okay. Thank you so much. I'm gonna look into that. Um I like to, I'm an artist so I like to draw, I like to um to paint, but I just like making dragon eyes. There's these here, I have some here, these are just a couple that I just started making. But here, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm not sure if you can see it.
uh the talk will and glass
here. Yeah. Yeah. They take a while.
I do.
No, I sell them. I have a bunch more. I have like, I think I've made about 30, 35 so far. Um But yeah, I sell them online and I also like resell different things. Um So I like going thrift in. There are things like one of my favorite things to do because I'm like, oh, I can save these things from the landfill and then I'm like it's just amazing, so I resell things um like vintage things or like useful things, you know? And um that's like really fun for me also.
Yeah, it's like it's a thrill, it's like what am I gonna find today? But it's so bad because you want to go all the time. It's not like like a retail, it's not like retail shopping or online shopping at all because you know that they have a certain quantity and stock, I
don't
know
now I'm gonna miss something amazing.
No it's ok,
I
know I'm not noticing anything different.
Um I don't even shop at normal thrift stores that much anymore, like the ones that like you go, you know, it's like more retail like where you go and you pick something off the rack or something, I buy everything by the pound. Now there are these huge storage storage brand bins Um and they hold like a bunch of stuff and they roll them out and you dig through these bins. Um and then you pay like 99 cents a pound. Um or 129 for shoes, like a pound for shoes like that. I found some great stuff there. It's the stuff like it's the last step of goodwill before the landfills, so it's amazing. Some stuff goes straight there. That's awesome.
It's an experience. It's disgusting. Like everything's girl I have to be like, I have to wear a glove double layered my mask. Like it's just a lot, but it's worth it. Like, you will find some of your stuff like I found in Michael Chorus first there an ultrasound kit. Um that was cool. I just enjoyed that and I split up for $80. I probably paid $2 for it, you know, it's like, this is great. So
Yeah. So if you,
is,
yeah, it's awesome. So if you look up good bow out, let that's what it is. It's like the bins.
Oh, I'm from you. I'm from philadelphia from pennsylvania. But I live in New Jersey.
Of Why? Which 1?
I've never got that before. Never,
Sometimes, but that's everywhere. Like
everyone.
Oh my gosh. Yeah. I'm not really a fan of like sports too much just because people are so aggressive. Like If I have any like, one, say there's always gonna be 50 oven teams, it's like, uh huh I was guarding you. Yeah. Right. Yeah, that's, that's Philly. I get that. That's the uh, like
home.
No, I love, I love that. Like, I'm just
like,
yes, Amish people.
I haven't been up there yet, and I'm kind
of
sad.
No, I don't live in Philly. It's like pennsylvania is pretty large.
Yes. But no, I'm not in the same state anymore. I moved, I moved to Jersey. It's still closer than florida, but I um what's it
called?
No, I'm from Philly, but I've gone to like, did you ever hear of the Turkey Hill Factory? Like Turkey will experience.
It's pretty close to lancaster, and I was like, oh my gosh, I want to go to a bread and breakfast for my birthday one year. Something happened in that year. Just never came yet, so we'll see what
recently? Oh my God, that's like a fan favorite up here.
That's awesome. Yeah, there's wa wa as I live near like five, like pretty close in proximity. It's crazy like I can walk to one down this way, I can walk to the other one that way. Um There's like there's so many like it's that every every major stop. So wa wa is amazing.
It is, it's
this
was
who is one that I've seen? There's some that are like a video game type things where it's like listen to this sound and I'm like, wow, this is pretty neat like you don't have to, some of them are like extensive, but this one's cool like getting
Yeah, exactly. And then it's like a really short quick. Did you do this before? Would you do this one?
I did this one I think two days ago. But it was great. Like it's pretty cool like and then the questions aren't that long either, so it's worth it worth a shot. I'm like,
hey,
it's
awesome. But I think I've been doing it for a month. No, I started in the beginning of june and like it's been very it's been worth it to like log on and just see what pops up.
Same here,
yep. Is it the beer money? Um
Crazy.
Yes, it is.
but I mean it's good, like it's really cool because I've never heard of it until my friend saw it from looking on Reddit and then she was like, oh look at this. And then I found the Reddit and then I'm like, hey find this one, but there's a bunch of them, like even like um receipt scanning app, like I can't buy stuff without scanning the receipt like.
What is that
some
more?
thank you.
Hold on, I need a pencil while talking to you, giving me all the information. I have all these different art pencils, but I have no right younger pencil. Oh
It takes me four if I'm like doing a blind pick. Like my whole drawer is this big full of just more prison and so
can't relate. I have very little of those. Okay, so s'more
that is the best thing because like that adds up like you can, that's kind of the money that like builds up when you forget.
No.
and your problem.
But anyway,
Yeah. That's awesome. Thank you. And then this one is the lock screen and that place that you were talking about in um north Carolina
ridge Parkway. Thank you. I would have forgotten already, awesome. And did you hear um fetch the one that you do the receipts with?
Yeah and I think you you get like a certain amount for signing up and then you get um I think right now they're doing a deal where if you refer someone you get 4000 points per person And I think you need $8,000 and get $10. So it's like refer to people
you get the time.
Yeah and it's a gift card but you can get a gift card for Paypal. So and my friend already did it. So it works, it works when she cashed out. So I'm like okay that's great.
Um I'm not sure. Let me. Yeah I guess so. Thank you. Do you have referral codes for yours? For the outdoors and more?
I don't think so because they said talk about anything and since we're on here this is what we relate.
Um I think you might be able to if you
don't. Maybe do you have it on your phone? Like link to your phone?
Well
I didn't
walk it up. We can see like the voice have a referral code. But my the that referral code is K. G K K K.
sorry
right now I'm giving myself a little reminders next to what you said. So that In 24 hours I'm not like, what did I just write down?
Kg K A K.
It is.
It's really simple.
I
do.
That. S
An extra money. Like that's amazing.
Yeah. But I think if you do like have any like extra stuff like laying around, like anything throw it up on like Macari offer up, offer up has shipping, so they're great and like you'll make money pretty quickly on it and it's super simple. It's a a few, a few photos, a couple of descriptions and then you post it up. It's like, what's the worst? What's the harm? Yeah. And it's like a lot of people are looking for stuff now because of the whole pandemic and everyone's staying home. So I
think
are people gonna going to come? Like my school is doing virtual up here. We're all doing virtual.
I don't know why anyone but true. I know why I know that parents can't watch their kids all the time. I go to work.
Like are they going to make the kids? Like, I'm not sure like my, I get the teacher side of my stepdad's, but that's from, he teaches in Philly. I go to school in Jersey and my siblings go to school in Jersey. I'm not sure what it's like where you're at because like we have, they have the option to, we all, we all have the option, but we're definitely doing the home. Um, but from your perspective, like is, are the kids, What's the procedure like? Are they okay? I know the deaths have to be six ft apart, but you have to get tested before they come back.
People will protest for anything. Like, like there's certain things where it's like people are protesting to not wear masks. There's certain things where it's like, this isn't necessary. Like virtual is not the worst thing. I know it's bad. Like, some people have to go to work and there's no way that even babysitters want to enter their house, you know, Because you don't know what's in someone's house, but you can't protest for any little thing because it takes the value of it down, you know? It's like masks are not uh trying to suppress you, it's trying to keep everyone safe, you know?
Yeah, it's just a lot right now, like everything's a lot this year. I don't know what people were expecting with. Like just the numbers changing but it was not what anyone expected and that's just what it is, you know? It's just like,
yeah, there's too much, it's like oh this is happening, there's too much controversy right now. It's like yeah, it's always been here. But it's like all um coming to
the top.
Yeah, especially since everyone's home and able to keep track of everything. You know,
it's
would you say
I haven't had that feeling. Is that when it comes to thrifty? I'm like, I need to see what's there. But that's it. Uh huh But I hope you love like you enjoy the rest of this day where like you're not dealing with school or co workers or
over the last day so we got to get off of here so that you can enjoy your last day and I'm gonna get as much done as possible. But it was great talking to you Matthew.
Nice meeting you by the sea.