Yeah, but yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Right Yeah. No. Mhm. Giant
where
good can you hear me? Okay?
Everything seems to be good, so like I guess the 25 minutes
ap
I'm what I'm gonna do just in case I'm just gonna
open up something on my phone that way.
Oh
one
second.
All right, so
by its safe store, So
where
are you from?
I'm in uh
45
minutes from Disney World, so Kissimmee Orlando area.
From where we're at?
my mother lived outside of Tampa. Which part
part of it? Not part of it? Not really familiar. My
she
was in Valerie, Go Brandon area, so
how how long
ago was
this,
when Jackson's? Okay?
that sounds unfortunate. So after that you were just like, let's let's live in the States,
we're where I am. Um
I don't know if you're familiar with my celebration
I live outside of that, but you hear people on
social
media
complaining about
all the
spraying constantly
to keep everything green
and
you
are
hold on
Yeah. I don't I don't know as much about the conditions. You're talking about a specific chemicals but my everyday job I'm a high school teacher
and
when
human geography, so social studies.
So whenever
whenever we talk about like agriculture um we'll talk about like pesticides and that. But really we don't die too deep into it. But basically one of the point is how
we look at how the european union and those countries are much
more
concerned
about
those environmental
factors than we are. We are.
I can understand that.
Thanks.
Was that is that Monsanto like
in general?
I will I will admit my my knowledge of the internal politics or the international politics of it is probably pretty limited
so.
And the and these people are you said related to you or you're just interested
in
it?
Hello.
Yes. Yes. Somehow your family relocated to
Canada after that.
is that
is that
is that like is that like Virginia and uh
The
family.
So what what did you teach?
Well what level then?
So.
Where the schools that you were at like on a military base for those type of citizens are now.
I will admit my knowledge of Canada outside of like Quebec and Ontario is pretty limited.
One
of the things in the in the advanced placement college level courses that students in high school cake that hopefully aren't credit. We
have to talk about, we look at like devolution which is like power going to like different regions within the country. So I want one thing we decide to Quebec um like one of the focus over time has been maybe some of the indigenous but one example is like none of it. Again I don't know too much about it but I know my students always
have to read and they just
Why
not?
About what year did you say this was?
What
changes?
last weekend.
Was this like like june
or july
whenever? Yeah, when it rains every day.
that's definitely definitely different than florida.
I
lived in Rhode Island in 2013 for a year after college and my parents moved up there. But my my stepfather had such issues living in the cold weather with his hands. He was diabetic that within like a couple of years they all moved back to Florida. Just he couldn't deal with it anymore
and um
that sounds that sounds suspicious. Right
room
well right right now with the whole covid it's I don't know if you follow florida any but the
unemployment.
The
yeah scott scott has taken a beating in the state for the unemployment website that his administration set up. And how
it's.
What
was that?
I
think there
They're they're they're they're still processing cases like my my mother, it took 34 weeks that's just to get a confirmation of of employment so.
5
12 florida. Today. The speculation is that the governor is going to start opening gyms because that that's been the new group that's been really like complaining to the media,
challenging it.
Well he
also said he also said yesterday that we want people I worked out 345 times a week but I've been doing it in this room. I bought I bought stuff in March once all of the shutdown start happening. I have no intention of going to agenda because how unsanitary they are. But he like the the santos was very quick to say, well you know people who are at gyms are typically healthier so why they shouldn't really worry about. Uh
it was
and my my uncle who who who I don't talk I don't talk to at all but his his facebook is not private but he he he owns a gym in south florida and he's a big ex military use steroids in the past really right wing conspiracy but and
huh.
But it's it's it's been very interesting to to hear him go on about like shutting down his business. And I get it he has he has a financial uh incentive right now, but and it's interesting how they want to act like I mean when whenever I went to the gym, I used to go like anytime fitness we we may be wiped out a bench, like we sweat on, but we didn't walk around with rags to wipe off the weight that we would pick up.
And so it's it's kind it's kind of comical hearing these people talk
about
it.
Some some of it that that that whole thing is a little strange to me, the inaccuracies.
Yeah, I've
I saw that yesterday and this morning. He there was also a great video of him saying something about these these medical professionals are are kind of like soldiers running into bullets which is like that's a horrible analogy that you're saying like going to a hospital, it's kind of like getting shot at. Yeah,
but
How
did
you?
That's
it sounds right.
It's going to be interesting what happens especially
with
Is
it
the fact the fact that michigan's capital allows for private citizens to bring in weapons on like their state grounds?
Like
but when when when when I run that after seeing the pictures of the people and its like, are you serious? Oh.
Well that's that's basically what they're saying, where it's wonderful was a black guy with a gun on the streets
or definitely arrested.
wow, that doesn't sound good.
I'm
so lost when it comes to that kind of stuff that's
out of
What
what
one of my favorite things? And unfortunately I gotta go in a few minutes but with all the people talking about masks I keep I keep dominating about that should also show up to a lot of these places without a shirt on, without a shoes on, demanding that they be seated in these restaurants because they have rights. Yeah, it's
And
Mcdonald's story in the family. Dollar one
was
was
me.
It was very
nice talking to us.
Absolutely. Stay safe out there.
What do we do? We just click out of this or
just exit describe?
Well, I always take care have a good rest of the day.