Hello,
how are you doing?
yeah. How do you hear me
starts now or
whenever?
You
know when the 25 is up? Yes. Mhm.
You know,
once
I realized that's fine
now
water
slip.
All right now I live in Baltimore. All right.
Uh huh
florida
Orlando area. My wife and I used to live down in florida
Tampa. Uh I'm Canadian but my wife is an american and uh
we lived in the in the poorest section in Tampa just outside of Oldsmar.
Your mom would uh Probably other direction Brandon Lol
Grieco.
Yeah, my father father in law lives there and
armed
with
this, we've been up here for six years. My wife was living here when we got married uh in Baltimore, it's her favorite city after new york. She was born born in Jacksonville but raised in new york city
And so I live, you know, I'm cane. So I lived all over the place. So uh but I was in the navy and we met and she married and moved back to Canada. And then we got, we had a problem in Canada and that we were military housing that had toxic mold. And the government at the time was more interested in not having people find out about the toxic mold in the accommodations and looking after my wife and I, so she got very sick. I developed a heart condition which meant there was no longer able to serve and they cut me off. They just pushed me to the side and uh 33 years got me nothing out of the government at the time.
Uh Well my my wife, we thought my wife was dying. What she has could kill her. And well I have could technically kill me too. I have a fib as a result. But she has something called multiple chemical sensitivity. and that means she can't come in contact with pesticides, herbicides, manmade petroleum products, anything like that. Which is why we had to leave Tampa in florida. Yeah.
Oh yeah
myself. Yeah.
On
social
media
and
I always
want something
you
know it's you know what's worse? The chemical they use is only allowed to be used in florida in the world.
It's
the only places it's banned in every country of the world but the U. S. And it's only used in florida and it's banned because it causes death. They think some birth defects and the birthday fax it's related to Agent Orange
and Agent Orange is banned everywhere by Geneva convention. Anybody uses Agent Orange is considered a war criminal but in florida they spray something similar over top of everybody without telling them this is the problem. They don't tell anybody. And my wife would be fine one day and then she'd go out so we'd phone I said did you spray? Well we don't have to tell you that. My wife is very sick and she's allergic. I wouldn't she would not have gone outside if she knew. Well we don't have to tell you that. But you're afraid, didn't you? Oh maybe. Right.
No.
What what
do you teach?
All social studies. I have a degree in teaching english in history. I have two degrees.
So.
Out.
Much
work.
It's
not
are.
huh. Yeah. Here's here's the big fun. The funny thing is because there's so much concern if we can't get organic something organic, we then look for something imported from europe or Asia because
they don't have the chemicals. They do not allow GMOs GMOs are banned throughout the Eu. They do not allow any of the herbicides are used
here. No no round up, they their leadership is under arrest orders in at least four countries in the european union and in europe and not in Asia. Round up executives are actually having found guilty in abstentia. And if they turn out that they can be a they turn up in a country with exhibition to India or Sri Lanka in Thailand, they will end up in jail. They were going to jail for 25 years because they used camp. They didn't hear, they told us a little bit about what was how bad they were. But when they sold them to the Asians and to the european state didn't.
That's
Monsanto. A in general is like that. And Monsanto's, you ever wonder why the leadership, Monsanto never leaves the U. S. They don't even go to Canada. They go to Canada, they have to testify in a lawsuit. They don't want to do that. So they don't go to Canada.
Well that's my history and
my grandfather used to be best friend, used to be john Diefenbaker was a Prime minister of Canada. He he worked for sofas lawyer, another prime Minister as a secretary and martin uh kensi king who was the war time, the World War two Prime Minister.
No,
my
grandfather worked for them. If you want to talk to people related to, I have four signers of the Declaration of Independence
and 3 3 people who sat in the in the in the constitutional conference. Uh My grandmother's side that are related to the founders of pennsylvania. For Philadelphia actually they owned most of Philadelphia. And if you read the history of Philadelphia, there was a large fire in 1962 that burnt down all the records.
No.
Well, some of my, eventually my grandmother's side, they were empire loyalists and people have fought on both sides. On my mother's side, there were people fought on both sides. Um um, You know, my family's been here since 1603 in North America. My
mom's
family,
no, that's Quebec, elder founded Quebec city. They
were
original founders of Quebec city. Uh, so that puts them at the earliest that the english got here was 16 45 I think. And that was up in the area of Connecticut in places like that.
I taught, I was trying to teach english and social sized in history.
High school.
Yeah, high school. But when I ended up, because when I graduated I was, I went through with the military, working part time for the military. And then when I also helped my parents had a consulting firm and computer firm. And because my communications is what they did in the military, I was able to and I get sso information systems security. So I taught people that because there were no high school teaching jobs. Uh All of a sudden in 1990s you have no child left behind here in the us and a whole bunch of conservative government's going to power in Canada and they decided that the old way of doing it was she had to have one degree and then get your teaching certificate. You couldn't become a teacher directly out of high school. You couldn't just go four years because subject matter mattered, knowledge, merit mattered. So you have to get the subject matter then you had to go take your thing. So it was a different system and that's the system. I started my education degree on my, I started this on and the result was when I got older, there, There were 100 of us graduated. All of my class to got jobs right away and they both didn't have jobs for Christmas. And so I did a lot of supply and contract teaching. I thought that community colleges, I thought that I would go and teach computer courses that reserves native reserves and I worked for the military and I set up random sp, I did a whole bunch of stuff.
No, no. Um, the school, I taught me that most of my teaching in the prairies, on the prairies in Canada. I was in the Navy. So most of the time I was on the base, it was out in the west coast, west or east coast. But so I taught mainly in Saskatchewan, which is where my family's from from for now, you know, and that's different because uh, the entire population of Saskatchewan is less than uh, the population of uh philadelphia or someplace like that. There's only a million people in the province of those, about 700,000 or Native First Nations. So,
Well most, that's the thing about here. They learn about Quebec and Ontario because that's, they were, they were the provinces and the colonies around when they did the independence and so they learn about those and they gloss over things. It's glossed over as I said, I go through, I'm a history major. So I go look at things slightly skewed. Anyway, I look at patterns repeating. That's what my forte is. I can look at how things are going and see patterns and see how they're repeating and see where his historically trends are going. Uh, you
know?
now,
lovely
place. Uh Very different now than it was 25 years ago and I'm not talking about the people, I'm talking about the geography, you have geography. Um I lived up north for a while, my dad's job took us across the country. Uh he was a personnel consultant and set up personnel systems. So we ended up in Northern Canada, Northern Manitoba in Canada. So I grew up, you know, loving the arctic, loving loving that stuff. And the last time I was up in the arctic we were in none of it. I was able to take pictures on both sides of the Passage, Northwest Passage, not one iceberg, not one liquor snow. And this was in early august, there should have been glaciers, there should have been icebergs, there should have been snow, there was none of that. It
was
completely empty.
That would be in 2008. So by that time the North
had changed
and it's showing up there struggling up there now because the way of life they depended on the ice and it's no longer there welcome to global warming. Yeah. So I've seen it the hard way and it's the same. You know, my wife is native, she's Cherokee. So she uh yeah, has a viewpoint that, you know, she thinks global warming is happening. So she's, you know, she gets upset when people say it's fake, they said no, it's not. Yes, climate, the climate is changing. That doesn't mean weather is going to be changed. So there's going to be weird weather. You know, we just had a massive cold front come through here. They were worried about snow.
last weekend. And that's because the gulf stream which moderates the temperature here because of all the icebergs that all the glacial ice, the cold has been pushed offshore further. And that means now that what was stopping all this cold air from coming down is it? So yes, you will have cold weather. It won't stop cold weather. But what it will do is cause extremes. I mean uh when we lived in Tampa we went one solid month with no sunlight. Yeah, it did. We didn't have sun one whole month. And my my my wife's offers from S. A. D. Which is, she needs to have a son. We didn't think we'd have to buy a night box in Tampa, but we did
in
the summer.
it rains every day. And so if you live in florida usa D isn't in the winter, it's in the summer and that's a problem. My wife flows summer. She wants to be out in there and Baltimore very hot in the summer. Uh huh.
And human and I grew up where it was dry. It would be hard to kill up to 100 but you know, low humidity, very low humidity and then very cold in the winter. But low immunity again, you know, uh here it gets cold and it's humid and it's like living in Halifax and Halifax. The one thing I didn't like in the winter Western humidity because I got old. So I got arthritis in my knees, my hands and everything humidity is not good for that.
What?
Yeah. Well that's the thing. I I'm probably going to, my parents still live in Canada. So I'm going to end up going back to Canada were in the process of trying to find a house here for my wife while I'm up in Canada because we're renting now. And we don't trust the we don't trust the ownership of the rental because they have a you understand how the A. D. A. Works right? The americans disability
act with no teeth not and in florida it's a joke. Uh You know when you had scott in there he had a number the call if you were deaf. That was a holdover from when chris was in and he set up a department within his office. The governor's department of the death to handle the issues because it's the second largest population in the U. S. Is in florida around Tampa. So we got down there we phoned it and the first thing I get is Give us your credit card number and we will send you $100 gift certificate to help get established. This is the governor's office and it is the governor's office. But then.
Yeah. Well think about it. He pled the fifth twice to plea bargains twice for
ripping off billions of dollars. Uh huh. Running a scam seems to be as normal rat.
Well
my my grandfather and my, not my grandfather, but my father in law still lives there and so does my cut and my
brother in law.
They
closed it. They
closed,
they closed the website within 48 hours. It couldn't handle any. It
wasn't
handling one case an hour.
Yeah. Now they're opening up so she's gonna lose her benefits. And she's given the choice of her story. Her company where she works opens up. She's given the choice go to work and maybe get it or not. And that's the problem with the covid. Well, my wife was trained to ask was hospice care nurse and a pandemic knows she was trained how to handle things like Ebola and smallpox. And so she's been following this and talking to people she knows since december as she up here, the governor gave the counties the choice at five o'clock this afternoon. They're given the choice whether or not they want to start opening up and they, most of the counties have covid, lots of covid cases have said we're not opening up because to open up and cosmo covid cases means that we have more deaths and we have more deaths that hurts the economy more than staying closed. Uh huh.
And that's
well, yeah,
it's the and they think they're saying, well, I I love to comment. Well, I don't care if I get it. Well, if you pass it to somebody else, you're killing them, you could be killing them. You're supposed to get. And that was that's the theme here. Is that the reason they're closed? Yes. You may not have it. You may not get it, but on the off chance you could and you survive it. Do you want to infect your loved ones? That's the whole way he worded it and it works.
But
That's a fallacy. That's
big fallacy.
There's a
lot of them in florida, fortunately.
No.
the
here
they're not open, letting gyms be open. Uh, yet, uh, someplace they're allowing barbershops, but you have to make an appointment and only go in and a lot of stores are open, but only on curbside. That means you go online, you ordered, you ordered the stuff and they, the from the retailer, you get there, you call them, you tell them you're there and they bring it out to you and that's what they're doing. And that makes sense. Now if the problem florida has is that the court? If you read the, you must read the news a lot. So you read about the coroner's being told they couldn't report covid death.
Well what it is um reading what the corners of the corner site had on it, which is a copy of the letter they got. Yeah. They don't want them to list anything as covid when they send it to the public information in people as they're supposed to. By law. The corners are saying, well we're supposed to report cause of death publicly. Now we're not supposed to list the actual cause of death. Why?
You know it's the same as the president saying, well we shouldn't do much testing. We wouldn't have as many covid cases.
Yeah, Well he is not the brightest light on the planet. He is a scam artist. My
wife knew him from new york and her her mother donate to the Republican Party voted for the Republican Party voted all the time. When Romney ran, even though she liked Obama, she voted for Romney because he's a Republican. Yeah, knew of them. My mother in law did not swear. But when he, she found out he won the nomination, her husband stared at her as she went and his comment was, I didn't know you worked the docks because it was boom because she knew
like
he's
never given money to anybody.
He all these pictures that shows going into these charities and what he did, he wasn't invited to them. He crashed them get and show he had this fake check the show. I'm going to give this at the end to you. Don't worry about then you go out the back When he made the big pledge to donate for the 9-11, he changed it. Well, I'm going to give you, my construction crews will do the work for free. You just paid for the materials while in the contour oiler who was a Republican, got the first bill. He said, there's something hinky here. So he went to three different construction firms and ask them, is this the right price for materials? And they said no. And these are substandard. These are not even code. Whoever gave you this bill is ripping you off to the tune of about $5.5 million. So he was told to clean, take his crews and shove it
and but people, there's that ultra right. He's got that really, that base that will not let him unfortunately it's gonna, unless florida flips, it's gonna, he's gonna and even in florida flips now he's gonna, they've already seen that they're not going to that the election is rigged.
My
wife is worried that there's going to be a gun are shooting war. Don't forget his supporters are the ones that went to michigan who was following the guidelines. His got his White house put out and stood over top of legislatures to get with guns while they were trying to vote, as some of the legislature
said,
we voted for it because we were worried we'd be shot.
They do
in florida too.
first amendment florida Vermont new york doesn't California doesn't uh, Baltimore doesn't, you can bring them outside, but you try and go into that legislation with a gun, the state police will shoot you.
They would have shot him.
And that's why I laugh. They complain about these thugs from Montana and if it turns up with baseball bats and bottles, They turn up with fully automatic weapons that are designed for one purpose alone to kill people. I had somebody tried to explain to me that he was, he could have used his M16 to take down a moose and I looked at him. Have you ever seen a moose? You know, they're just an animal. This will kill it. You know, you could enter four cliffs into that moose. If it's facing you, nobody's going to do stomp on you. I saw, I saw the results of a moose having a head on collision with a little Honda Civic.
No, the moose, It hit the moose. The guy was upset. The moose was in the middle of the road and this isn't about something, you're supposed to stop and let the animal and he honked at it. Guy honked at him so the move looked at him and started walking. So the guy thought he'd run on it and move. No, then it hit him, he stomped on the moose, stomped on and then walked over the fence and went into the forest. The guy, you know, the guy's car was totaled and the guy was total, there was nothing. And as everybody said, everybody stopped at this idiot coming up, didn't want to stop honking. I don't know what was so bad. He had to do it. But there was nothing. A most Moose requires a 303 lee. Enfield shot by an expert has to hit it perfectly. And that's got four times a FNC FN, which is the, what the Canadian army military used to use and what your abuse uses, which has got about 10 times the soft power of An m. 16 or AK 47
has to hit perfectly.
Well
I was in the military for a while. I ran ranges. So yeah, I but and I looked at guys and that's not that that's a that's only one purpose for that weapon. That's to kill people. That's it, it's not there and you are such a big first amendment then why can't my wife where a machete down the street? Why can't she have a knife?
It says
arms.
and that's against they can they can say no so restaurant can say no to a mask. And unfortunately these guys will shoot and kill people. This happened twice for telling you can't have a mass. Another guy had his arm broken because he told two guys that couldn't have massive.
It turned out they were trying to shoplift and they brought attention to himself because they didn't want to wear a mask.
The family
$1 was really bad. That
was
an execution anyway.
Mr
Yeah, it's been 25 minutes. You take care.
Yeah, I stopped meeting it.
I think we just click out of it.
Each exit the screen and go to the next one and fill out the quick Survey