Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Revolution couple. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm, mm. Mhm. Yeah. Congratulations. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm, mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm hmm. Thank you both. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Mhm. Actually, welcome back. Mhm. Wait, Okay. Sure. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Good morning. Yeah.
What? Hello? Can you hear me?
All
right. Yes, I can.
No.
No problem. Uh So let me just close out of this window. All right.
No, I I understand that. So, how's it going? Uh
right now I am in the midwest. How about you
that?
Well, I guess when I said Eastern Time, that's probably how they paired us up along
michigan. How about you?
it's quite the story. Uh you know, it's uh
yeah, a little bit little crazy that something like that's happening right now, you know, you don't think about that is something that, you know, I guess I'll just say I didn't expect to wake up and read that that on the news, you know?
No
no that's a good point I guess. I really shouldn't be surprised about anything I read anymore. So what's the uh what's the idea here? Is it just that we have a conversation, is that
the
future?
It's the first time I'm doing it successfully. Normally I just sit on here, people don't show up and then that's it.
I think this is my 5th or 6th.
So yeah no it was so this is the second time that I've seen this pop up, the first time was like a few months ago and I tried to like kept trying and trying and it just never worked. So eventually I just ended up saying yeah I'm done with that, but it popped up again so I was like I'll give it another shot.
Yeah.
yeah
Fox
just
he didn't
want to work. Fuck.
Yeah. Yeah. So long as neither of our internet goes out, I think that we're probably fine.
So is this exclusively on prolific then or are you using a different survey website?
Okay. Yeah, that's something I wasn't sure if it was just people from everywhere, if it was mostly that website?
Well, I actually had an account probably like five or six years ago when I joined it. I had heard about it. uh but in 2014 or 15 I heard about in one of my college classes. And at the time I think you still needed a college email address to sign up for it. Because
like at the yeah, so I signed up when it was like you needed the college email address and then you needed the. Yeah there was a couple other stipulations, I think you might have even had to send like a picture of your college I. D. In order to get, because I think it was pretty much exclusively lee college students serving other college students, you know,
And then I kind of the I use it for a while like freshman year just to get some extra money for you know, Taco Bell or something probably. And uh you know, it's uh I stopped getting survey so I forgot about it. And then it popped up on a website that was going, I wonder what's going on there. This was you know, during the coronavirus, I had some extra time at the house. So I opened it back up and uh I was like oh there's a lot more surveys now, there used to be. So I've been I've been doing it on and off. Just use it for some extra money here and there.
I've read it.
Yeah. That's that's actually what uh made me start thinking about this again. And then on that beer money subreddit and this guy brought up again. But no, I
in one.
Right. Yeah. No, this I tried some of the other survey websites, you know, I think like surveyed junkie and like swag bucks and stuff, but I just got tired of getting like 80% done with a survey only to get disqualified. So I'm like, I'm done with that. Um
right
now.
I
think I
have
like
$3
dr
My
team. Okay.
You don't think?
Do
it.
that's
still not bad, like.
Thank you.
Just like
that.
I don't mind getting screened out right away. It's just the ones where you can get so far into it and then they screen you out.
Country.
Yeah. You know, I keep hearing people talk about it. I haven't actually looked into it much, but right
now,
what balance
actually?
Is that so I'm gonna go ahead and guess that you pretty much do surveys and stuff full time then? Right.
What?
okay.
Yeah.
Yeah. No, that's just
not
working time.
Yeah. You want.
like that.
Yeah. Yeah, that sounds bad at all.
Yeah. no that's something I'd consider doing but I've always lived in areas that aren't were a little uh you would meet some interesting people, plasma donation centers also say
Oh,
more than okay. Yeah. Labour.
I
Me.
Yeah, I mean it's just kind of the nature of it, you know, it's it's a lot of times not a small amount of money, you know like I think you know, depending on I know some places give you more if you do it like Four times, you know there's something like that but I want to see a friend that did it. That what is it around 50 or 60 bucks a pop. Usually you're a little bit less.
Well
You know,
That's pretty good then.
Yeah. I mean that's definitely not a small amount.
No
but
it's also
gonna yeah I was gonna say that they will pay a couple bills. No, I actually started off doing these surveys again. Um You know I had wanted to buy one of those drones and I was like you know, I don't really yeah I don't really have room in the budget to just go buy a drone. So I'm like you know what, I'll do? Some surveys, take the money I made from that and uh it was like 500 bucks, you know? So I I did that just for the the hell of having one and then after I got it then I was like fuck I would still keep doing them, you know? I got I got there quick enough,
I couldn't
Yeah, I mean you could, there are a lot of fun, right?
Manipulating.
I think that that's just kind kind of what I that's a lot of the liberals, I've ran into him like, you know the midwest where it's like they're very liberal and a lot of things, but they also still like their guns. Okay. Yeah.
back
in
fact,
getting
on the right,
But
Yeah, I've had I'm for a little bit longer than that, although I guess just recently I got a Mossberg, shotgun. that was, my wife got it for me for my birthday and christmas last year, so I've been out
shooting. Yeah. Yeah, no, I went on did. So, uh, I've been doing a lot of, uh, you know, skeet shooting and just stuff like that. I was thinking about getting a hunting license this year, but probably wait until next year and then try to get some ducks and geese, some beer next year, you know? Yeah.
I was, I was telling my grandma about that and she was like, I could never kill an animal. I'm like, well, I mean I eat beef, I eat chicken. If I'm, if I'm drawing the line at an animal that at least lived its entire life in the wild.
That's
man,
you
look,
if you look
at
me,
yeah, loaded up with various kinds of chemicals and who knows what like,
At least had
a better life. And don't get me wrong, I'm still gonna eat beef and I'm still going to eat you tricking bud. Yeah.
No, that's,
that's
why I,
you
need
what
and
no, personally I've been eating less beef, but that's part of the official because you know, beef is one of the ones that are really, you know, draining on uh, you know, the environment and everything. But also just because I've found not that I like fish and I like ground turkey and stuff quite a bit too. So,
you
know,
I grew up, Yeah. But
I grew up with, my parents were all beef and chicken and we didn't do much fish. We didn't do much anything else. So now that I'm,
you know, living on my own, it's a little bit different.
So
every
now
and again, yeah. Meyer has it on sale for life, 90 cents a pound and I'll buy a bunch of it then and it's pretty good. And like, you know, hamburger helper or you know, chili or something like that. I'm not just going to make a hamburger out of it. It's not that great. But if I'm mixing it in with
something, I don't really notice
the difference.
no,
there,
no, I keep thinking about trying to get some sort of smaller concealed carry, but I haven't gone out and bought anything recently. Yeah.
Yeah, that's the thing. It's not the best time to buy right now from what I, what I understand, I have a couple friends that really just collect them and yeah, that's kind of what their gripe is. Yeah.
What?
Oh,
That
point
and
185.
Mm. It's not the high points. Yeah.
The
high points, The blocky looking things.
Yeah, that's true. I didn't
get it.
that
I
bought,
What?
Yeah.
It has.
Great.
Yeah. And that 22 is so cheap to do.
Yeah. No, I I ended up buying a bunch of 22, I have a smith and Wesson rough rider, just a little 22 of revolver, a little sick shot. But I bought like, he was like 1000 or 2000 rounds because I got like an insane deal on it. It was like a couple of coupons that stacked on top of each other. So I think I'm getting it for like half a penny around under something ridiculous like I paid like almost nothing for it. So
yeah, that's
I think
the cheapest
could
I?
I think I think it was point 6.7 cents around is one and it was because there was like two or three coupons that were never supposed to stack on top top of each other. But they know there is an air in their system. So the company definitely lost money out of out of me for that one. Oh
hey
We're
getting
25
property.
Thing that I never
I tell
you
you
think.
But
I've
never tried that.
No money.
No
understand
dropping
pounds
and
for example
I think
two weeks
out,
two weeks
ago,
50
it
was,
I
don't
know.
Well
Yeah.
Bye.
What?
What?
I wonder if that's like because people are dropping out or something and not
completing.
I'll have to keep fine.
But
what?
No.
Yeah there was one that came through, it was like 10 or $15 and I was like play this video game or something and I was like I started as soon as it refreshed I clicked it was already empty so so I wish I would have uh would have known about that but I'll definitely keep it in mind for next time.
But
there's a possibility that it will.
Yeah. Well I appreciate that. Oh I think
that yeah that's over the time so I'll,
Exactly. So no.
Yeah I
wish your state
law
Have
a good one but