Whoa.
I can hear you.
Can you hear me?
Sorry, I'm like
two minutes late.
I might have to lock my dog in another room if he doesn't shut up.
Good. How are you doing where you at?
I'm in the midwest
to
What state do you?
I hate to bring up politics. But how do you feel about that little thing that happened with your governor?
A little crazy.
It's 2020. I kind of expect anything these
days.
Is this
your
first time doing this?
How many times have you tried?
What?
My I've done five pride. Fuck my first one. And yeah, it's pretty much like this, we're just gonna we're gonna talk for 25 minutes. I said a so the stopwatch, I mean if we go to a half hour, who cares? I mean you right out
I'll let you know 25 minutes is up. But my first one was a no show. Um
I'm not really used to doing like zoom or videoconferences or this on my computer. My second one, the partner showed up, but I was using Firefox
and for whatever reason, even when I allow like the webcam and audio and Firefox, it doesn't care, it doesn't allow
it for whatever
reason.
so I felt kind of creepy and I felt like a jerk because that guy was just there and I was staring at him, he didn't know I was here. Um and now I just use Chrome this, this will be my third conversation and it will be my third in the road that is hopefully successful.
And honestly, I've had, I think with each one, there were like a few few moments where it made me a little nervous because like I or the other person froze up but come back each time. So um last couple conversations were great. First two didn't happen, but yeah.
I kind of think it's just prolific.
How long have you been doing, prolific?
That was,
joe got
I think I started off in late february, early March of this year and there were a lot of surveys that there's, man it's hit or miss, it is really hit or miss. I don't know if you run it at all. Um
There's there's beer money, which beer money is pretty, pretty well known.
And then there there's one specifically
for prolific. It's called prolific. A. C. If you're on beer money enough, you'll probably see it.
Right
now
I
think
I
have
like $33
on survey
junkie. I rarely use it. Yeah, I keep
it
I usually keep it up in chrome
because of that webcam thing. If I do firefox half the time when there's like a webcam survey, it doesn't tell you. Um So I keep it up in chrome and that way if there is then I can just,
it
won't be a problem. Um That $30 has probably taken me two or 3 weeks
all
mm But I I almost never do surveys there. If I see what it's like uh the last time that I cashed out
it seems like it's always easier to me after you cash out. It's well no it's a lot harder after you cash out because your balance is zero. You're like man I'm gonna end up with a dot like I'm gonna have
now,
you know Instead of having like $40 and now you got 43. But after I cashed out the last time, one of the first surveys that I did was like $6 Survey, I think it was like 20 minutes and those are gone. And if they screen you out right away they screen you out right away and if not great.
Um One that I actually use a lot. Let me see what my balance is out there right now. Que me, I'm sure
you know what that is
My
my balance
is actually
a penny short of $230 and that's probably from three or 4 weeks.
I wouldn't necessarily call it full time.
I keep them on the computer all the time. Um
And I keep them up in the background. If I see one like on cue me, they usually have I think I don't think that their surveys go above a buck 58 which kind of makes me a little mad because I'm pretty sure they're probably getting a lot more for that, seeing this scene the same ones on cue me and on survey junkie. Um But the good thing about que me is it will have Like 15 minutes in one corner and then half the time like once enough people have done them, It'll have like you know 15 minutes estimated. And then in the Right lower
corner it'll say like seven minutes. So the average human user has taken seven minutes. If I see a buck 58 15 minutes. But the average Cuban user has taken seven. I'll do it. It says estimated 15 minutes and the average human user is taking 35. I'm not doing it.
I
actually
yesterday
I had a there was a bunch posted on humi for, it's a like a movie site. They do like got on a movie reviews or living
in the movies whatever, but it's called pilot lee. And yesterday I think I did 65 or six Surveys are there? There were about five minutes each. Um and they were a buck 58 each. So, so I did those, you know, like 15 to 25 minutes eight bucks. Like that's not bad.
So I donate plasma too. And I mean I make a decent amount of money doing that.
I actually, you live in michigan You have you lived in michigan your whole life? Okay. I
live in northern Illinois.
I
could, no joke. I could walk to Wisconsin in probably 7-13 minutes. That's, that's like normal normal walking pace, you know? Well I live right on the border actually to tell him that I lived in South Beloit and then as soon as you're across the border it's called Malloy. So it's pretty much it's considered different talents because it's different states, but it's pretty much the same thing. Um Mhm. Boy, depending on where you're at kind of dodgy
kind kind of depends on where you're at um the plasma center that's in Beloit, I would actually consider to be one of the better ones and you still see some kind of dodgy looking people there.
they actually just switched there like the way that they run it and it's different depending on which plasma like brand you go to I guess. Um It used to be 25
and 50, your first donation of the week And then 50 or 55 for your second And then usually they would give you like an extra $20 for your 4th donation and the like 50 or 70 on your 8th.
Um, what they're doing now and they just started this a couple months ago. It's, you're basically, you're on like a rolling 35 day schedule And as long as you have eight donations within 35 days, you're making $51 a donation. I'm,
But if you, if you get sick and you miss a month, then you're back down until you start off, I think it's like 27 and then each donation goes up a few bucks Until you're you get 51 again. Um, So yeah, I mean you could actually donate depending on where your days fall. You could donate up to 10 times in a month because sometimes it works out Like where you make 10 times, But I would say, you know, if I were to donate eight times in a month, $400 a month.
yeah, it's not gonna make you rich, but
it'll
pay.
No.
I could have
two drones.
Um, that's, it's kind of funny. Like I, I
hate to get into politics again. I kind of consider myself to be yes towards like the left, the left, the left end of liberal. Um, but I'm also very pro gun, so I guess I'm a weirdo.
Um, well they're fun. I think they're fun, you know? And yeah, the way I look at it, I don't think that the shit's gonna hit the fan anytime soon, but if it did, if it did, I want to, you know, be able to protect myself. Well, even if the shit doesn't hit the fan, they're hopeful for that case you ever need to. Um, and you know, even besides that if, hey, you know, earlier this year, a lot of places had shelves that didn't have toilet paper on. There are few places, there are few places that had shelves that didn't have much food on them. So you know, I mean if if it ever got to the point where the government, you know, government and suppliers can't get food to shelves. I got a rifle and go out and shoot rabbits and squirrels, you know. Um But I also kind of decided that you know, I keep doing surveys. I wouldn't spend, you know,
paychecks
or
any
other income
on guns. I would just basically only spend money that I get doing surveys and only about half of that top on guns because, but yeah,
I mean I've only, I've only even been going on gun on her for a year now. So, but
he's a keeper.
I've never, never actually gone hunting. Don't have any issue actually. I think that's more humane than eating freaking ground beef y'all you see that?
that's that's exactly,
man. Like,
you know, you look
at, you look
at the cows
we
eat,
they're standing shoulder to shoulder, standing in their own crap, eating from from a trough.
Well, I don't, I don't know if they care about the chemicals, but it's not like they get to graze the pasture, enjoy their little alive. You know, you go out and shoot a deer. That thing got to drink from screams and Yes, right
here.
No, that's that's why
I am,
I
eat meat,
but
when
I do get it, I try to eat all of it instead of
letting it go to waste. You know? We should.
Even
ground
turkey.
I,
you know,
I'm not the hugest fan of turkey. I like turkey but it's just
doesn't
have enough
fat.
Well
I
well yeah. Yeah, I was gonna ask when you got that that Mossberg and you said last year probably like around a year ago. Yeah that's a good decision. Have you
have
you looked have you looked for anything recently?
You'll probably pay a lot for it right now.
now I own a uh
Call an A. R. seven, it's like a survival rifle, 22 and it's takedown rifle, like the barrel comes off, the receiver comes off and it all fits in the butt stock. Um I bought that I think late March, early april. Um Yeah and I own uh Taurus G to C nine millimeter. um
that was
like
I think
$255
out the door and one of the cheapest, you know, pistols you can get. That's not a what you call it, The ones that are junk like $180.
thank
you.
Uh Yeah, actually you can't even buy those in Illinois because it's because of the metal that they're made out or at least that's what they say that they say, I don't know really technically has anything to do with Chicago. They don't want, you know, $150 against blood in the streets in Chicago. Um,
but
you know, with that specific pistol, I looked up reviews and stuff. Everybody really only had good things to say about it. I've had probably close to 1000 rounds through. It never had an issue while couple issues with ammo, but that was
the animal's
fault.
Just wash your case. Well, steel case. The only thing, the only problem with it is that the primary
strike didn't it didn't go on the first shot with the primary. Oh
The only other issues that I have had with it is that I did get a 32 round mag for the range. Uh The other the other cheap mag brand pro mag. Um And that thing's junk, it's fun when it works but it usually doesn't work. Um And right now I actually also have
they were on back order but I have uh an A. R lower coming stripped lower strip received. I shouldn't say a lower it's a stripped receiver. Um And it's I also have a caltech, it's called the p. or no p. 17 rather. And it's It's a tiny little 22 pistol that holds 17 rounds. And that I think $185 out the door. And my, one of my main reasons for that is because
right now depending on where you buy ammo, you're paying if you found an animal for 25 cents around for nine millimeter right now that would be a hell of a deal.
Exactly. And even now like that's going for like 15 cents most places, you know, or more. Uh and that's you know, a year ago when I got, when I originally got my nine, I was buying nine millimeter rounds for 12 13 cents apiece right now. 21 for what nine was going for.
Yeah. That's
I think
the cheapest
that I ever
saw
was like 1.2 cents around.
hey
We're getting close
to
25
minutes but I'm gonna give
you a couple of tips about prolific. These are things that I never
um post on the website because I'm kind of stingy and I don't want it to be common knowledge. But you know if I. P. M. One person, if I tell
you you
seem
like
a cool guy um if you ever get a higher dollar survey that comes through and it says zero places remaining, keep that up, it just keeps spamming the button. I'd say about 3 3 or four
times out of five. I keep spamming that button and I eventually get it. But those
are like
usually usually those are on surveys that are like
you
know usually the ones that come through that have
zero places
remaining Are like Alex are more 3, 3 problems or more I guess I should say
problem. And
for example,
I think
two weeks
about two
weeks
ago
I had one come through that was posted as 15
lbs. Um And it was
it
was a video
similar
to
the and not really
similar to this. It was a conferencing sort of survey. Um And
there was the research was there and then I was paired up with one other person. We just had to repeat things that we were seeing from a link. She was doing like a language study was an asian girl. She's she's nice sweetheart. Um But when that one came up it was no joke, it was zero places remaining and I kept spamming it for like five
minutes, got up smoke to have a cigarette laid back down, spending a couple more
times checked on cuba to see if there were any good surveys. There went back spending a couple more times and after clicking it like three or four times it was saying you know sorry, Surveys full and after clicking it like four or 5 times after
coming back after clicking it probably 50 times. Finally let me in.
I
think that's exactly what it is. But I think at a certain point um You know prolific probably doesn't repost it right away. They might wait an hour for a year until the next day or whatever. Um And a lot of people don't know that if you leave it up and keep spamming it like that there's a good chance you actually will get in.
I've actually had a bunch where I just keep clicking it and then I go and I'll do something else for a minute. Go back to it, click it again, you know 2030 times and I'm like all right, you know just
one last
time just for shits and giggles. And I click it and allow the pop up screen. Like did you
hear like okay?
Like I said, man, it doesn't work every time, but more often than not.
I
Well, it's more likely than not. I'd say more than 50% of the time I end up getting in.
Well,
You're a cool guy. You're a cool guy. But they're only paying us to do a 25 minute conversation.
We have a couple of minutes. Um I wish your governor luck. Yeah.
Which
you
want risky work. All right
man, fun.