SPEAKER_R: And hi
SPEAKER_L: Hey how are you?
SPEAKER_R: good how are you doing?
SPEAKER_L: Good good. Alright hang on I'm going to start a timer so we're
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: not short.
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: Um So have you done this before?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah this is my second one since like this time period and I did another one back in the beginning of the year.
SPEAKER_L: a couple of months ago. Yeah it's kind of cool. So where are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in D. C.
SPEAKER_L: Oh okay yeah I'm in michigan so we're both Eastern times and that's kind of cool. I did one this last round where I talked to this guy who was in Hawaii and so it was you know it's like four o'clock our time and I'm like hang on it's 10 o'clock in the morning for you isn't it? And he's like yeah I'm like it's nice.
SPEAKER_R: Was he military or just he like lived in Hawaii
SPEAKER_L: He like like he was from there, he grew up there but yeah so that's kind of cool. So are
SPEAKER_R: Come
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: on.
SPEAKER_L: in D. C. Proper or you in Virginia or Maryland or?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in D. C. Proper um I live kind of on the border of Maryland but I'm still technically in D. C. I just moved up to this new apartment right at the start of all of the shutdown stuff. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh nothing like being in a totally strange kind of place.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it was actually
SPEAKER_L: I like that.
SPEAKER_R: been a traditional though because a lot of the cheaper apartments in D. C. Our basement unit. Um And my basement unit was like perfectly nice but it doesn't get a ton of sunlight and I also like can't control like the thermostat and things like that. And my landlord were like very lovely people but they had to like very noisy kids that ran around a lot. Um So it actually was great that I moved because I like have a very sunny apartment now and I have less noisy Children since I'm home all the time.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh that's awesome. So are you working from home? Are you in school or?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm working from home. Um I was full time from home. Um but now they're having me go in two days a week because my job is actually um in clinical research vaccines right now and we're actually one of the sites for the Covid vaccine. So it's super busy.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. But seriously, what an exciting thing, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's um that's thank you for making it positive again because right now it's so busy. It's so busy.
SPEAKER_L: No. You know that's that's really that's really cool. I um so back, I don't know if you studied the haunt a virus, Okay hunter virus was this thing that broke out in the west. It was like this kind of rat urine thing. And I lived with two girls who were studying, getting their doctorates and epidemiology and said they were working on it while it was like in the news and they were it was really cool. Really exciting. You know, it was a lot of fun for them because it was like really really current. So I think that's I think it's kind of exciting. I mean you know actually real life practical. Yeah, I mean it sucks all the way around for everybody else. But you know
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I've been like speaking of the positives, I keep thinking about all of the like good things that have come out of this, like the possibility that I like may be able to work from home like a lot more frequently in the future. Um
SPEAKER_L: there we go.
SPEAKER_R: And just like I don't know I like being home. There's obviously times where I like get a little lonely and stuff but overall like nice to be home and um Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: You know it's really funny. So we live in michigan, My husband works for a university in texas, so like we have an apartment there and like so shutdown happens and like you know we were going back and forth and sort of and so he stuck in this tiny little apartment, I mean teeny tiny little apartment and so the university was really sort of excuse my french dick ish about working from home otherwise like it was super huge that he could, you know, come home for christmas and work a couple days. Um but then they like shut everything down so he's stuck in this apartment. So he was home all summer and he is like he was writing his motorcycle back this weekend, but he's like it's so small like Uh huh. Yeah, so he's like, I think I'm just going to go into the office because he's like, the apartment is so small.
SPEAKER_R: Is it a studio?
SPEAKER_L: Um Not really, but it could be, you know, I mean it's technically a one bedroom, but you know, he's just used to, I mean like he worked all summer from the back porch here because it doesn't get super hot and so, you know, he's got this whole screen porch, like all the space and light. He's like, it's just so small. I'm sorry honey. But
SPEAKER_R: Man.
SPEAKER_L: it's been really interesting to see their transformation because they had to instantly go, you know, remote for everyone and they survived. And you know, his group has gotten more done in lockdown than they were before. He's like, you know, it's not all that idle chit chat. Waste of time. How you doing? He's like, we just get to it and I'm like yeah.
SPEAKER_R: You know, Yeah, that's a good point. I since I'm like not in the office because where my desk was was near like this main doorway, so a lot of people would just like stop and chat and for them it was like there one chat of the day, but for me it was like the like three jet and it was so and I didn't want to be rude, but at the same time I'm like I can't talk to you all of the time. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: That's when you buy like really big headphones and you just you know
SPEAKER_R: anyone
SPEAKER_L: if for nothing else just to leave me alone.
SPEAKER_R: and I've seen like little signs you can put up that are like do not disturb but where texas um is your does your husband work?
SPEAKER_L: in Houston. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I was asking because um I think so I'm definitely not planning on being in D. C. Like for the rest of my life because it's just I love it but it's um like very expensive. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah
SPEAKER_R: and they have a list of places that I'm like considering moving and like Houston is actually on the list.
SPEAKER_L: so the thing about Houston is it's huge.
SPEAKER_R: no that's what I heard someone I was talking to someone, the last one he lives in. I forget exactly where but his wife is from Houston. He was telling me that I
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: didn't realize how big it was,
SPEAKER_L: So it is going to be very soon the third largest metro area. So it is sprawl. It is nothing but sprawl and it's like in a big swamp so you know you know D. C. Summer so it's like hot and muggy and you can't breathe. It's like that all the time.
SPEAKER_R: Okay so this is going to get
SPEAKER_L: Yes except for the winter. So like we moved him him down like in the middle of the summer and like I grew up on the coast in south Carolina and I'm like so I'm used to that like D. C. Kind of nasty.
SPEAKER_R: Your
SPEAKER_L: It didn't let up. Um
SPEAKER_R: where?
SPEAKER_L: It's really hot. The traffic is ungodly. Um So like within so it's got you know sort of how Atlanta has that perimeter around you know the sort of circle their inner circle anything within the inner circle is at least half an hour to the center and it could be you know just a couple miles. The traffic is insane and there isn't really mhm. Like a good metro system like there is in D. C. All right so it's really I mean you know and the cost of living there is about the same as it is here in Detroit. So you know it's not like super cheap but it's it's definitely cheaper than where you are now. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's good information because I have been like I think I'll take trips to a few different places and see how I feel about it and yeah, someone else telling me about the traffic and for me it wasn't even something that I was thinking about because I don't drive here, I don't even own a car. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: so what's really interesting is that when my husband moved down I have a friend who's actually at George actually at Howard Law and so he was doing an internship and so when we were looking for apartments for him we were sort of looking for my friend to so like we're like on the phone talking about before and he had to actually borrow a car for the summer for his internship that he did in Houston. He's like this is insane. I don't know how people live here but yeah it's I mean you know it's a great town, it's nice if you don't mind being in the car a lot or paying a lot to live where you work, you know? Mm. Um But yeah it's because I I. C. D. C. Is being sort of small because it feels easy to get to. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I know people like complain about the like different commutes, but I can go from like one end of the metro to the other and what feels like only 32 like 40 minutes. Um And which is like I guess a long time, but considering how like far out he stops there, it's really not that much time.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I mean the metro is great. We spent a couple of school breaks for my kids in D. C. And I mean even like you know middle of D. C. Two Bw I was half an hour maybe. You know it's. Yeah. Yeah it's not that bad. Um.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and the public transport here is really good. I just like I think about how much I pay in rent and I'm just like, oh my God.
SPEAKER_L: I know. Yeah I mean it's. Yeah and I mean like you know hotspot city everywhere is kinda bad but yeah is
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: definitely
SPEAKER_R: I because
SPEAKER_L: limited.
SPEAKER_R: I'm originally from north Carolina um And I just think about like what I could get there in comparison to what I'm saying here.
SPEAKER_L: Where where in north Carolina?
SPEAKER_R: Um So I'm originally from Fayetteville because my dad is army but they live in in hurst north Carolina now.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah my cousin lives in Southern Pines and I went to hang on how you can see it. Yeah so so yeah I was like sitting here going hard, I'm just a little scrubby. But yeah so yeah so north Carolina has definitely gotten like this big boom of, hang on, let me tell my husband I'll call him back later.
SPEAKER_R: No problem.
SPEAKER_L: But yeah it's really kind of a up and coming place to be.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and even because I went to N. C. State and um the the apartment that I lived in with a boyfriend was like two bedrooms, one bath and it was like 8 35 and rent I think the rent has increased to about like 1200 a month. Which is like.
SPEAKER_L: so my husband's apartment in Houston is the cheapest one I could find and it's a one bedroom and it is tiny. So like when my son went and looked at the University of Houston we put like a queen size air mattress in the dining area and that was like half the living room and I mean you know it's very small and it's 800 a month but only and we locked up because it's like you know in a house and a B but it's tiny tiny tiny. You know like I we when we were moving stuff I actually just consider sending him a Dustbuster instead of a vacuum cleaner kind of. But
SPEAKER_R: They think.
SPEAKER_L: I know um But yeah prints definitely yeah it's definitely cheaper probably. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: and I just went and visited my parents in Pinehurst. I just got back on thursday actually and I was like he's actually because my parents are like older and I like I assumed like most of the people who lived in the area were older, but I was like there's actually a young people here and it's like actually like a very like cute little
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: town.
SPEAKER_L: know it really is um the Pinehurst Southern Pines kind of thing. I mean you know my cousin is what late thirties you know and I mean he actually moved back there on purpose. Um But you know if there's it's kind of cool, the weather is good um
SPEAKER_R: it is so nice and downtown Southern Pines is really cute.
SPEAKER_L: Isn't it? Yeah it's really cute, it's but it's you know close enough that you know it's just a couple hours to charlotte a couple hours to the beach, you know it's
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: still
SPEAKER_R: then
SPEAKER_L: close
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: family
SPEAKER_R: airport
SPEAKER_L: all.
SPEAKER_R: for Raleigh is an easy drive when I go anywhere. Yeah. Um
SPEAKER_L: why did your parents decide to go there?
SPEAKER_R: So they we're in Fayetteville and they actually moved out of Fayetteville to Southern Pines when I graduated high school. Um Because they don't I don't know if you've ever been to Fayetteville, heard much about Fayetteville, but it's another sprawling city, like it um it just there are like parts of it that are like nice but overall it's just like it's like a city of strip malls, it's just Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: mm. Oh look the best buy at T. J. Maxx and all to look another. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: exactly and yeah and so they ended up moving to Southern kinds and then they moved to the beach for a little bit southport north Carolina. Um But that was because both my parents are retired but it was too retirement focused for them. Like they felt like they were, I don't know kind of like
SPEAKER_L: They
SPEAKER_R: coming
SPEAKER_L: had
SPEAKER_R: here
SPEAKER_L: d dinner at four o'clock.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but they ended up selling that house and then moving to Pinehurst and it's a lot more like so they have, you know there's just a lot more for them to like do. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's it's kind of interesting because my husband grew up in Atlanta, I grew up um in south Carolina and it's like do we really want to be here where we have to pay somebody to move our snow every year? You know? It's kind of it's it's definitely a consideration you know like do we want to end up here? Not necessarily do I want to live in Houston where it's hot and muggy all the time. No it's yeah it's hot and sprawl e.
SPEAKER_R: I wish California is less expensive because that weather is so perfect.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah and that florida wasn't florida.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, what it was in florida, I was talking to my dad about like my list and he because my parents actually met in Tampa um and he was like you should consider Tampa. Tampa is like a lot different from the rest of florida and I was like maybe I'll visit and see how I feel, but he also hasn't lived there since the eighties. So I was like, I think maybe your perceptions too.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh. Yeah it's you know it's it's really it's just been interesting. Um I mean like getting back to the whole covid thing it's been interesting to see how different states have handled things. I mean what if what if restrictions and things been like actually in D. C.
SPEAKER_R: Um so we don't even know who would call like a full lockdown, but like a lot of places just like close there is the natural order. So we like just by default we were on lockdown and a lot of people work from home and a lot of people are fed. So the feds had their order to um for work from home and we got our numbers down really really quickly. And actually we only had 14 active cases until the White House super spreader event happened and that like doubled our cases. I don't even know
SPEAKER_L: Path.
SPEAKER_R: what the numbers right now, but like we were we were doing really, really well and the case numbers are really low. Um but the white house,
SPEAKER_L: You know it's kind of funny so here in michigan and if you know our governor like we were the second state lockdown, everything was really tight. Our state Supreme Court overturned Oliver executive orders and our numbers are higher than they were like at the peak in april right now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. People were giving her such a hard time. It was so ridiculous. Those protests. High school was so ridiculous.
SPEAKER_L: you know it's insane. And trump was here yesterday on the western part of the state, which is far more conservative and they're like, lock her up, lock her up. And he's like, letting that go. And I'm like, why?
SPEAKER_R: You just had coat.
SPEAKER_L: All right, You just said? And it's like, here's the woman who said, all right, I'm gathering my chickens, we're keeping them safe, we're gonna follow science, we're going to do this. And then it's like, become this political tinted with misogyny kind of thing. And I'm like, so not okay. It's not okay. But yeah, I mean, michigan was in, it was bad. It was really bad. And like,
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: our schools still, you know, coming and going and it's like, this is not a political issue, people, it's a droplet issue.
SPEAKER_R: wow. Yeah. And I yeah,
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: I just don't even know what to say. It's
SPEAKER_L: I know,
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: it's it just it seems it just seems weird to me that people aren't grasping the basics,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And wearing a mask is like, I actually really like it because people don't tell me to smile and I like it to be a little anonymous when I have to leave my house and I just don't understand why people complain someone.
SPEAKER_L: Right? The only thing that I found that really bothers me is like you I'm like spending a whole lot more money on breath myths because I'm like you that's just not so fresh.
SPEAKER_R: I can't get music. I'm listening to sleep. Yeah. It's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: but it is kind of nice because it's like oh no lipstick you know it's like okay I'll put on eye shadow I'm good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I even my mom will sometimes be like, I'm having trouble breathing and I'm like, no, you're not. It's like completely in your, she worked for best so I can't get on her too much. She always wears it and she like doesn't do anything that she shouldn't be doing. But she like every time I talked to her, she's like, hey, I just hate this. I wish it were over,
SPEAKER_L: Well and the thing is it's like I think this whole like oh well you know in six weeks will be fine or whatever and I'm like I think we're going through the end of next year I think the people that are doing the really short timelines are going to be very disappointed and very frustrated but I'm like you know shits not getting back to normal until next christmas at the earliest.
SPEAKER_R: Even my boss who is like an infectious disease specialist, obviously, he like was getting so frustrated at the beginning of this and was like, what are they just come back to work him like, you know, we're not going to be able to come back for quite some time and if we do, so right now I go into the office Thursdays and Fridays, but I'm the only person in the office, so we haven't staggered. So like someone comes in monday, someone comes into Wednesday and I'm just like, I like it's pointless for you to be as frustrated as you are and you should absolutely understand why all these are things are in place. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I mean it's we're not making it up. It's yeah it's a little crazy. Um Are they doing like a lot of early voting in D. C.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, so we everyone had their ballots mailed to them um Yeah, so um I think uh the the percentage or the statistic or something like, like, I don't know, but a lot more people have already voted than like, than who actually voted during the election last year. Um
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: I'm having a little bit of trouble because I got my ballot, but I am actually, I'm divorced and I just recently changed my name back finally. And yeah, but they sent me the ballot with my married last name and I submitted my paperwork to have, like my my name change happened, I submitted my name, my name changed to the elections office, but I haven't received a new ballot, so I don't know if I can vote with the ballot they sent me if it's going to be and I like tried calling and I can't get anyone on the phone so if I don't hear back like by I guess like the 25th I'm just going to submit it as is and then I know people I was like at the end of the day I'm like my vote doesn't really bother that much in D. C. Because probably all vote blue. But. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: it's yeah it's a little crazy. So um the town where I'm in is one of those sort of like high middle to upper middle class kind of areas and so you know there's there's a good mix but michigan has for a long time allowed a permanent absentee list
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's nice.
SPEAKER_L: and so we're on the permanent so we got our ballots and I went and turn them in at the city clerk's office where there's like this mailbox thing that's really a safe you know kind of thing. So did that tons of people are turning their ballots and it was over there a couple days later and they're like traffic jams like people double parked to turn in their ballots and stuff
SPEAKER_R: Have
SPEAKER_L: and it's
SPEAKER_R: been in
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: school.
SPEAKER_L: wow, they're, you know, they're really taking this seriously
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And the other benefit of Covid is like everyone doing mail in ballots which that would be him a political
SPEAKER_L: order.
SPEAKER_R: issue too. But I just don't understand why we haven't done that from the beginning.
SPEAKER_L: You know, it's it's insane that it's like, here's this one day, I mean, the census is supposed to be a one day thing. Where were you on april 1st and it's taken months, you know, I mean, you know, like here's our month of voting. I don't understand why that's not sort of a thing. But you know, the nice thing is I can go to our Secretary of state and, you know, put in my name and my zip code and my birthdate and I can see when I requested the ballot, when it was mailed to me when I turned it in.
SPEAKER_R: crawl.
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: Hopefully mine has some sort of tracking it. Should. I feel like I saw people like on instagram talking about how they tracked their ballot in D. C. Um So that will at least let me know if mine was accepted with my last name issue if I end up having to turn it in the way it is. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So yeah, we've got that. Um uh it's it's a little tiring. I mean, because here, like, so when I was talking to the guy in Hawaii, he's like, we have three electoral votes. It doesn't matter. We don't get political ads. And I'm like, here in michigan every single ad on television right now is, you know, bob said this steve said this bob and it's just like stop
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: up
SPEAKER_R: it's probably because everyone already knows who they're voting
SPEAKER_L: another.
SPEAKER_R: for. Like why are we still wasting money?
SPEAKER_L: Well, okay, well, it's like that whole, you know, so, but so is undecided. How
SPEAKER_R: I know.
SPEAKER_L: how are we undecided? Because honestly, it's, I don't understand how you can not have a clear choice. I don't it really, I have a hard time wrapping my head around it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah and I guess in D. C. We don't really get ads either. I don't have cable so I'm not entirely sure but we do get a lot of is the local election stuff because we have the ward elections and the council elect. I've been getting a lot of that and that I like I'm excited to vote on. Um But yeah I'm overall I'm because I still obviously have all of my friends on social media who live on another states that I'm even tired of seeing them post stuff because I'm just like we already know who we're voting for. Like I don't like even I'm and people like posting stuff like pro biden and I'm like, you're just like telling your friends who are also voting for him. I just, I'm tired of seeing everything.
SPEAKER_L: Right. It's like preached to the choir. You know it yeah, it's very, it's very tiring. I'll be glad when we can talk about something else.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I try to be positive and like, I guess it's good that everyone is like very excited and into this again. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it is. I actually just saw this um really cool. I don't remember the name of it. A really cool um documentary on the Electoral College on amazon Prime. Really cool. Because you know, you're like, well why don't we do a popular? But it's like, well, it forces a story together. Okay. I get it.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, cool. Maybe I'll check that out.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't remember the name of it was like, you know, an hour or something. I was like doing my nails and what at the same time. So yeah. All right, so our time is up, But yeah, they're cool. Yeah, it was fun chatting with you.
SPEAKER_R: Nice to charity
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: to have addressed to again,
SPEAKER_L: Are you too goodbye?