And hi
good how are you doing?
thank
you.
Yeah this is my second one since like this time period and I did another one back in the beginning of the year.
I'm in D. C.
Was he military or just he like lived in Hawaii
Come
on.
I'm in D. C. Proper um I live kind of on the border of Maryland but I'm still technically in D. C. I just moved up to this new apartment right at the start of all of the shutdown stuff. So. Yeah.
Yeah it was actually
been a traditional though because a lot of the cheaper apartments in D. C. Our basement unit. Um And my basement unit was like perfectly nice but it doesn't get a ton of sunlight and I also like can't control like the thermostat and things like that. And my landlord were like very lovely people but they had to like very noisy kids that ran around a lot. Um So it actually was great that I moved because I like have a very sunny apartment now and I have less noisy Children since I'm home all the time.
Yeah, I'm working from home. Um I was full time from home. Um but now they're having me go in two days a week because my job is actually um in clinical research vaccines right now and we're actually one of the sites for the Covid vaccine. So it's super busy.
Yeah, it's um that's thank you for making it positive again because right now it's so busy. It's so busy.
Yeah, I've been like speaking of the positives, I keep thinking about all of the like good things that have come out of this, like the possibility that I like may be able to work from home like a lot more frequently in the future. Um
And just like I don't know I like being home. There's obviously times where I like get a little lonely and stuff but overall like nice to be home and um Yeah.
Is it a studio?
Man.
You know, Yeah, that's a good point. I since I'm like not in the office because where my desk was was near like this main doorway, so a lot of people would just like stop and chat and for them it was like there one chat of the day, but for me it was like the like three jet and it was so and I didn't want to be rude, but at the same time I'm like I can't talk to you all of the time. Yeah,
anyone
and I've seen like little signs you can put up that are like do not disturb but where texas um is your does your husband work?
I was asking because um I think so I'm definitely not planning on being in D. C. Like for the rest of my life because it's just I love it but it's um like very expensive. Um
and they have a list of places that I'm like considering moving and like Houston is actually on the list.
no that's what I heard someone I was talking to someone, the last one he lives in. I forget exactly where but his wife is from Houston. He was telling me that I
didn't realize how big it was,
Okay so this is going to get
Your
where?
that's good information because I have been like I think I'll take trips to a few different places and see how I feel about it and yeah, someone else telling me about the traffic and for me it wasn't even something that I was thinking about because I don't drive here, I don't even own a car. Yeah.
Yeah, I know people like complain about the like different commutes, but I can go from like one end of the metro to the other and what feels like only 32 like 40 minutes. Um And which is like I guess a long time, but considering how like far out he stops there, it's really not that much time.
Yeah and the public transport here is really good. I just like I think about how much I pay in rent and I'm just like, oh my God.
and
I because
I'm originally from north Carolina um And I just think about like what I could get there in comparison to what I'm saying here.
Um So I'm originally from Fayetteville because my dad is army but they live in in hurst north Carolina now.
No problem.
Yeah and even because I went to N. C. State and um the the apartment that I lived in with a boyfriend was like two bedrooms, one bath and it was like 8 35 and rent I think the rent has increased to about like 1200 a month. Which is like.
They think.
Yeah
and I just went and visited my parents in Pinehurst. I just got back on thursday actually and I was like he's actually because my parents are like older and I like I assumed like most of the people who lived in the area were older, but I was like there's actually a young people here and it's like actually like a very like cute little
town.
it is so nice and downtown Southern Pines is really cute.
and
then
like
the
airport
for Raleigh is an easy drive when I go anywhere. Yeah. Um
So they we're in Fayetteville and they actually moved out of Fayetteville to Southern Pines when I graduated high school. Um Because they don't I don't know if you've ever been to Fayetteville, heard much about Fayetteville, but it's another sprawling city, like it um it just there are like parts of it that are like nice but overall it's just like it's like a city of strip malls, it's just Yeah.
exactly and yeah and so they ended up moving to Southern kinds and then they moved to the beach for a little bit southport north Carolina. Um But that was because both my parents are retired but it was too retirement focused for them. Like they felt like they were, I don't know kind of like
coming
here
Yeah, but they ended up selling that house and then moving to Pinehurst and it's a lot more like so they have, you know there's just a lot more for them to like do. Yeah.
I wish California is less expensive because that weather is so perfect.
Yeah, what it was in florida, I was talking to my dad about like my list and he because my parents actually met in Tampa um and he was like you should consider Tampa. Tampa is like a lot different from the rest of florida and I was like maybe I'll visit and see how I feel, but he also hasn't lived there since the eighties. So I was like, I think maybe your perceptions too.
Um so we don't even know who would call like a full lockdown, but like a lot of places just like close there is the natural order. So we like just by default we were on lockdown and a lot of people work from home and a lot of people are fed. So the feds had their order to um for work from home and we got our numbers down really really quickly. And actually we only had 14 active cases until the White House super spreader event happened and that like doubled our cases. I don't even know
what the numbers right now, but like we were we were doing really, really well and the case numbers are really low. Um but the white house,
Yeah. People were giving her such a hard time. It was so ridiculous. Those protests. High school was so ridiculous.
You just had coat.
The
wow. Yeah. And I yeah,
I just don't even know what to say. It's
just
Yeah. And wearing a mask is like, I actually really like it because people don't tell me to smile and I like it to be a little anonymous when I have to leave my house and I just don't understand why people complain someone.
I can't get music. I'm listening to sleep. Yeah. It's crazy.
Yeah. Yeah. I even my mom will sometimes be like, I'm having trouble breathing and I'm like, no, you're not. It's like completely in your, she worked for best so I can't get on her too much. She always wears it and she like doesn't do anything that she shouldn't be doing. But she like every time I talked to her, she's like, hey, I just hate this. I wish it were over,
Even my boss who is like an infectious disease specialist, obviously, he like was getting so frustrated at the beginning of this and was like, what are they just come back to work him like, you know, we're not going to be able to come back for quite some time and if we do, so right now I go into the office Thursdays and Fridays, but I'm the only person in the office, so we haven't staggered. So like someone comes in monday, someone comes into Wednesday and I'm just like, I like it's pointless for you to be as frustrated as you are and you should absolutely understand why all these are things are in place. Um
yeah, so we everyone had their ballots mailed to them um Yeah, so um I think uh the the percentage or the statistic or something like, like, I don't know, but a lot more people have already voted than like, than who actually voted during the election last year. Um
I'm having a little bit of trouble because I got my ballot, but I am actually, I'm divorced and I just recently changed my name back finally. And yeah, but they sent me the ballot with my married last name and I submitted my paperwork to have, like my my name change happened, I submitted my name, my name changed to the elections office, but I haven't received a new ballot, so I don't know if I can vote with the ballot they sent me if it's going to be and I like tried calling and I can't get anyone on the phone so if I don't hear back like by I guess like the 25th I'm just going to submit it as is and then I know people I was like at the end of the day I'm like my vote doesn't really bother that much in D. C. Because probably all vote blue. But. Uh
huh.
Oh that's nice.
Have
been in
school.
Yeah. And the other benefit of Covid is like everyone doing mail in ballots which that would be him a political
issue too. But I just don't understand why we haven't done that from the beginning.
crawl.
Hopefully mine has some sort of tracking it. Should. I feel like I saw people like on instagram talking about how they tracked their ballot in D. C. Um So that will at least let me know if mine was accepted with my last name issue if I end up having to turn it in the way it is. Yeah.
I
know
it's probably because everyone already knows who they're voting
for. Like why are we still wasting money?
I know.
Yeah. Yeah and I guess in D. C. We don't really get ads either. I don't have cable so I'm not entirely sure but we do get a lot of is the local election stuff because we have the ward elections and the council elect. I've been getting a lot of that and that I like I'm excited to vote on. Um But yeah I'm overall I'm because I still obviously have all of my friends on social media who live on another states that I'm even tired of seeing them post stuff because I'm just like we already know who we're voting for. Like I don't like even I'm and people like posting stuff like pro biden and I'm like, you're just like telling your friends who are also voting for him. I just, I'm tired of seeing everything.
Yeah. I try to be positive and like, I guess it's good that everyone is like very excited and into this again. So
Okay, cool. Maybe I'll check that out.
Nice to charity
to have addressed to again,