Hey how are you?
Good good. Alright hang on I'm going to start a timer so we're
not short.
Um So have you done this before?
a couple of months ago. Yeah it's kind of cool. So where are you?
Oh okay yeah I'm in michigan so we're both Eastern times and that's kind of cool. I did one this last round where I talked to this guy who was in Hawaii and so it was you know it's like four o'clock our time and I'm like hang on it's 10 o'clock in the morning for you isn't it? And he's like yeah I'm like it's nice.
He like like he was from there, he grew up there but yeah so that's kind of cool. So are
you
in D. C. Proper or you in Virginia or Maryland or?
Oh nothing like being in a totally strange kind of place.
I like that.
Oh my gosh that's awesome. So are you working from home? Are you in school or?
Okay. But seriously, what an exciting thing, you know?
No. You know that's that's really that's really cool. I um so back, I don't know if you studied the haunt a virus, Okay hunter virus was this thing that broke out in the west. It was like this kind of rat urine thing. And I lived with two girls who were studying, getting their doctorates and epidemiology and said they were working on it while it was like in the news and they were it was really cool. Really exciting. You know, it was a lot of fun for them because it was like really really current. So I think that's I think it's kind of exciting. I mean you know actually real life practical. Yeah, I mean it sucks all the way around for everybody else. But you know
there we go.
You know it's really funny. So we live in michigan, My husband works for a university in texas, so like we have an apartment there and like so shutdown happens and like you know we were going back and forth and sort of and so he stuck in this tiny little apartment, I mean teeny tiny little apartment and so the university was really sort of excuse my french dick ish about working from home otherwise like it was super huge that he could, you know, come home for christmas and work a couple days. Um but then they like shut everything down so he's stuck in this apartment. So he was home all summer and he is like he was writing his motorcycle back this weekend, but he's like it's so small like Uh huh. Yeah, so he's like, I think I'm just going to go into the office because he's like, the apartment is so small.
Um Not really, but it could be, you know, I mean it's technically a one bedroom, but you know, he's just used to, I mean like he worked all summer from the back porch here because it doesn't get super hot and so, you know, he's got this whole screen porch, like all the space and light. He's like, it's just so small. I'm sorry honey. But
it's been really interesting to see their transformation because they had to instantly go, you know, remote for everyone and they survived. And you know, his group has gotten more done in lockdown than they were before. He's like, you know, it's not all that idle chit chat. Waste of time. How you doing? He's like, we just get to it and I'm like yeah.
That's when you buy like really big headphones and you just you know
if for nothing else just to leave me alone.
in Houston. Yeah.
Yeah
so the thing about Houston is it's huge.
What?
So it is going to be very soon the third largest metro area. So it is sprawl. It is nothing but sprawl and it's like in a big swamp so you know you know D. C. Summer so it's like hot and muggy and you can't breathe. It's like that all the time.
Yes except for the winter. So like we moved him him down like in the middle of the summer and like I grew up on the coast in south Carolina and I'm like so I'm used to that like D. C. Kind of nasty.
It didn't let up. Um
It's really hot. The traffic is ungodly. Um So like within so it's got you know sort of how Atlanta has that perimeter around you know the sort of circle their inner circle anything within the inner circle is at least half an hour to the center and it could be you know just a couple miles. The traffic is insane and there isn't really mhm. Like a good metro system like there is in D. C. All right so it's really I mean you know and the cost of living there is about the same as it is here in Detroit. So you know it's not like super cheap but it's it's definitely cheaper than where you are now. Yeah.
so what's really interesting is that when my husband moved down I have a friend who's actually at George actually at Howard Law and so he was doing an internship and so when we were looking for apartments for him we were sort of looking for my friend to so like we're like on the phone talking about before and he had to actually borrow a car for the summer for his internship that he did in Houston. He's like this is insane. I don't know how people live here but yeah it's I mean you know it's a great town, it's nice if you don't mind being in the car a lot or paying a lot to live where you work, you know? Mm. Um But yeah it's because I I. C. D. C. Is being sort of small because it feels easy to get to. Yeah.
Yeah I mean the metro is great. We spent a couple of school breaks for my kids in D. C. And I mean even like you know middle of D. C. Two Bw I was half an hour maybe. You know it's. Yeah. Yeah it's not that bad. Um.
I know. Yeah I mean it's. Yeah and I mean like you know hotspot city everywhere is kinda bad but yeah is
definitely
limited.
Where where in north Carolina?
Uh huh. Yeah my cousin lives in Southern Pines and I went to hang on how you can see it. Yeah so so yeah I was like sitting here going hard, I'm just a little scrubby. But yeah so yeah so north Carolina has definitely gotten like this big boom of, hang on, let me tell my husband I'll call him back later.
But yeah it's really kind of a up and coming place to be.
so my husband's apartment in Houston is the cheapest one I could find and it's a one bedroom and it is tiny. So like when my son went and looked at the University of Houston we put like a queen size air mattress in the dining area and that was like half the living room and I mean you know it's very small and it's 800 a month but only and we locked up because it's like you know in a house and a B but it's tiny tiny tiny. You know like I we when we were moving stuff I actually just consider sending him a Dustbuster instead of a vacuum cleaner kind of. But
I know um But yeah prints definitely yeah it's definitely cheaper probably. Yeah.
Okay.
You
know it really is um the Pinehurst Southern Pines kind of thing. I mean you know my cousin is what late thirties you know and I mean he actually moved back there on purpose. Um But you know if there's it's kind of cool, the weather is good um
Isn't it? Yeah it's really cute, it's but it's you know close enough that you know it's just a couple hours to charlotte a couple hours to the beach, you know it's
still
close
to
family
all.
why did your parents decide to go there?
mm. Oh look the best buy at T. J. Maxx and all to look another. Yeah.
They
had
d dinner at four o'clock.
Yeah it's it's kind of interesting because my husband grew up in Atlanta, I grew up um in south Carolina and it's like do we really want to be here where we have to pay somebody to move our snow every year? You know? It's kind of it's it's definitely a consideration you know like do we want to end up here? Not necessarily do I want to live in Houston where it's hot and muggy all the time. No it's yeah it's hot and sprawl e.
Yeah. Yeah and that florida wasn't florida.
Oh my gosh. Yeah it's you know it's it's really it's just been interesting. Um I mean like getting back to the whole covid thing it's been interesting to see how different states have handled things. I mean what if what if restrictions and things been like actually in D. C.
Path.
You know it's kind of funny so here in michigan and if you know our governor like we were the second state lockdown, everything was really tight. Our state Supreme Court overturned Oliver executive orders and our numbers are higher than they were like at the peak in april right now.
you know it's insane. And trump was here yesterday on the western part of the state, which is far more conservative and they're like, lock her up, lock her up. And he's like, letting that go. And I'm like, why?
All right, You just said? And it's like, here's the woman who said, all right, I'm gathering my chickens, we're keeping them safe, we're gonna follow science, we're going to do this. And then it's like, become this political tinted with misogyny kind of thing. And I'm like, so not okay. It's not okay. But yeah, I mean, michigan was in, it was bad. It was really bad. And like,
our schools still, you know, coming and going and it's like, this is not a political issue, people, it's a droplet issue.
What?
I know,
it's it just it seems it just seems weird to me that people aren't grasping the basics,
Right? The only thing that I found that really bothers me is like you I'm like spending a whole lot more money on breath myths because I'm like you that's just not so fresh.
but it is kind of nice because it's like oh no lipstick you know it's like okay I'll put on eye shadow I'm good.
Well and the thing is it's like I think this whole like oh well you know in six weeks will be fine or whatever and I'm like I think we're going through the end of next year I think the people that are doing the really short timelines are going to be very disappointed and very frustrated but I'm like you know shits not getting back to normal until next christmas at the earliest.
Yeah I mean it's we're not making it up. It's yeah it's a little crazy. Um Are they doing like a lot of early voting in D. C.
Good.
Yeah
it's yeah it's a little crazy. So um the town where I'm in is one of those sort of like high middle to upper middle class kind of areas and so you know there's there's a good mix but michigan has for a long time allowed a permanent absentee list
and so we're on the permanent so we got our ballots and I went and turn them in at the city clerk's office where there's like this mailbox thing that's really a safe you know kind of thing. So did that tons of people are turning their ballots and it was over there a couple days later and they're like traffic jams like people double parked to turn in their ballots and stuff
and it's
like,
wow, they're, you know, they're really taking this seriously
order.
You know, it's it's insane that it's like, here's this one day, I mean, the census is supposed to be a one day thing. Where were you on april 1st and it's taken months, you know, I mean, you know, like here's our month of voting. I don't understand why that's not sort of a thing. But you know, the nice thing is I can go to our Secretary of state and, you know, put in my name and my zip code and my birthdate and I can see when I requested the ballot, when it was mailed to me when I turned it in.
So
So yeah, we've got that. Um uh it's it's a little tiring. I mean, because here, like, so when I was talking to the guy in Hawaii, he's like, we have three electoral votes. It doesn't matter. We don't get political ads. And I'm like, here in michigan every single ad on television right now is, you know, bob said this steve said this bob and it's just like stop
just
up
another.
Well, okay, well, it's like that whole, you know, so, but so is undecided. How
how are we undecided? Because honestly, it's, I don't understand how you can not have a clear choice. I don't it really, I have a hard time wrapping my head around it.
Right. It's like preached to the choir. You know it yeah, it's very, it's very tiring. I'll be glad when we can talk about something else.
Yeah, it is. I actually just saw this um really cool. I don't remember the name of it. A really cool um documentary on the Electoral College on amazon Prime. Really cool. Because you know, you're like, well why don't we do a popular? But it's like, well, it forces a story together. Okay. I get it.
Yeah. I don't remember the name of it was like, you know, an hour or something. I was like doing my nails and what at the same time. So yeah. All right, so our time is up, But yeah, they're cool. Yeah, it was fun chatting with you.
All
Are you too goodbye?