I want to start. Yeah. Hello. Test test, test, test test. Hopefully as you guys are recording, you can hear this. Mhm Mhm preparing a stopwatch. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Australia. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, Yeah. Mm. B Mhm. Okay, sure. What? Mhm. Mhm. The the all right. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. A watched pot never boiled. Mhm. Mhm Mhm. Mhm. First Core 15 My time at least according to the Mac book. Mhm. Foot bits as we have a few more minutes for a minute or two. Mm hmm. Mhm. Mhm Yeah. Mhm. You're right back.
blow
meet you as well. Hello?
I'm in the US. How about yourself?
Oh, I'm in vero beach. Yes, but
I'm
Ireland how about yourself?
I'm originally from Maryland. How about yourself?
Uh they're slowly opening up. I mean, I know the place I work for, which is called
big shots. Um It's one of those golf companies like top Golf and such. Um I think they might have opened up to 25 or 50% but like they haven't called me back to work yet. Um but I'm expecting that they might wait until There are 100%. How about yourself
do you work
out?
No
the
of,
No in our grocery stores have been opened and I think they've opened some of the beaches. I mean I still don't
leave
so much except for to go quickly to walmart for some groceries. Or I've been helping A friend with her computer
need her husband interestingly enough just got back from federal prison. He did 18 months there two things crime. But yeah she's been very excited and then she also took over um being the office manager for the local jazz society. So she's had yesterday I was showing her how to use mail champ and mo all that type of stuff.
the basics. What
do
you do for remote work?
Usually a worker for
that company. You're not the
office,
you're
never,
No, because,
Have you had what's the testing
situation?
What's the testing situation down there?
Look,
I mean,
I'm going say that physical job I had I had two jobs uh you know, locally I worked at the big shots. Um
And I was a food runner, so getting the food from the kitchen to the customers. So until they do have things sort of really, you know, either effective medications for the virus or the vaccine, you know, it would be scary to go back to be dealing
with that
many customers. It's a tourism sort of things.
So
what you're. Yeah. Yeah. yeah,
theoretically.
You know,
we
have to help.
Well,
you know,
it's
gonna be interesting. I don't know if you heard about their somewhere, there was a
Mother's Day religious service, The, you know on mother's day and they think up to 400 people were exposed to the virus. I recently did a survey about amusement parks and
while Disney the world like all of them are sort of worried about as they start to open, Are they going to become the next hotspots? So it will be interested in vero beach in Indian River County have not had too many cases.
Yeah, I haven't checked the numbers lately. Um,
but at one point, you know, our cases were under 100 and I don't think there had been any deaths yet.
Mhm wow. Uh it's gonna be a tough, you know, decision about opening because and we have to watch to see what happens because these things reopen if more cases start to pop up.
we go back to I know everybody is struggling. I mean, you know, especially
now do you normally home school or? No, there
they
yeah, exactly. Your work.
No. Have you heard who they're worried about? The current is affecting the Children differently?
So.
No, it's very tough.
But
Yeah.
Mhm. No, I hear you and my other job worked remotely as a social media coordinator for trivia company in indiana. And unfortunately again they do
live in bars. So even once they're restaurants closed in indiana, he no longer could run a show so I could no longer really do anything
social.
So a double whammy.
But
so you know, yeah, it's been strange. You know, this is,
you
know, fortunately I think a lot of scientists definitely tried to warn various administrations, various places around the world
was coming
I mean
but
that
No and that's the thing, you know growing up in the 80s and early 90s I mean and one way, you know there's been scientists that have been predicting
goes for a long time. You know, I grew
up
with
everybody
saying
oh yeah, California there's gonna be a huge earthquake and it's going to century or
you know that we're going to a pandemic. And then I think a lot of people have been desensitized because you know, okay. Oh West Nile is going to be the and it didn't really do speak didn't really do much. So people have become desensitized to the idea that no
one
of these
viruses
was going to or if even like a flu, like a specific flu virus decided to really become virulent. That You know, we could have another 1918 on our hands. It's crazy.
yeah. I mean luckily
we
I luckily we were a little more
so I think we were a little more prepared
if news there and you know, But did
you have?
it would be crazy.
Well, that's the thing. I mean if you know, I'm not an economist, but
through
problem then I think economies will change to fit it in the sense that well, debt payments will be deferred and you know, hopefully countries will work more together to say, okay,
I just need to do this. But no, I mean too many movies. There's a hair out of place.
But uh, you know, we've seen
or I've certainly seen plenty of movies and doomsday scenarios
Outside or you have to have a card
that proved community and services fall apart. I mean again, luckily I think we've
seen
violence
directly related to the virus, you know, no looting,
no
real
crime. So, but you have to starts to drag on month after month after month and especially if there's no child care, I mean depending on what part of it you work and certainly if you can't get into your server room
some problems.
Mhm. Has your company done along lines of being remote server locations and places that where they can at least still have a physical presence
with server
or?
Well, yeah, I can hear
you're here
you.
How
many Children? You
what?
No,
I've never been married. So I mean, I guess the cliche american thing to say is no kids that I know
of but never married, no kids. Um I do
you know
fondness
you know I do
Well that just hate Children. I mean I do seem to have Oh yeah, no I have plenty of friends
that
are like
no and I seem to have a way with Children and animals you
know.
The hotel recently sebastian because of my housing situation and you know I
started
renting a room
in a house
that
bad.
But one day I walk out and
they little you know the
one hotel, the ground floor had you know little fences and
little sitting
areas.
There
was
black,
august as I walked by you know sort of just whistled you know hi sweetie, hi sweetie and the owner said oh he's very friendly, you know, so I went over and did the usual stuff like
you know lowering my eyes, putting my hand down to let it sniff it and start, you know, it then sort of said accepted me and I started petting it and I said, oh, do you want to give me a kiss? And I, you know, went down to and it kissed me and the woman who's actually on the phone is like, oh my God, Bear just kissed somebody. Like bear doesn't
kiss
anybody except like you. It was crazy. Well, I kinda have a way with animals. So
do your, does your older child help with the younger child or are they both?
No.
How
has your school system done with the remote teaching?
no
thanks. Sorry, I don't mean to interrupt you,
but
I think now for instance, I mean one example, a friend of mine lives in Parkland, so I guess maybe just a little north of you guys like in the pump. And I know exactly where Parkland is, but you know where the
shooting
they lived at district. And he says, No, they're providing a good 4-6 hours of online learning activities.
Yeah. Now and again, maybe it's not, the teacher is always online for 4 to 6 hours, but that he, he certainly felt that, no, they're being occupied for a good part of the day
without
activities. And he
has,
but also his kids, you know, are a little, I think they're probably like late middle school and
yeah, and there are good, you know, I mean, I think they're probably both of them are relatively intelligent. Um,
David and his wife, uh, will come to me after the, you know, they're both very intelligent people and have, I think raised them very well. And so where I was, who was I talking to us? Talking to another friend who has like a 14 year old and they're like, yeah, no, he
never lost,
never does his homework assignments. But
as they've sort of canceled school at this point for the rest of the year, I mean
many
schools
would have been closing in this by around this time and some schools in the next couple of weeks. I mean at least there is now the summer to
either a deuce,
not the summer camps, but I mean school wise, hey, they'll hopefully provide some activities that do bridge like okay, you guys missed these activities that are important to your year of school. So here are over the summer that will help. But also that those months over the summer will give the school districts the time
develop
learning, you know, so that there can you know by the time false starts up
there is more of an idea of, okay no you have to log in for this class at eight o'clock and then at 8 45 15 minutes to run around the house and go to the bathroom and
get something.
and
that's the thing. So I just I just sent a friend who's a teacher they said the podcast was about
like doing
remote learning and how to do it much better. But um then
I looked at the list of the podcast have listed in so far that seem to apply but You know over the next three months 4 months. Yeah I think there is I mean I at least hope that the school districts
we'll
get a lot of help to up their technology and I. T. Departments and be able to provide the equipment teachers but to the kids so that yeah there can be
No
I think that's where again hopefully in your I. T. You're an I. T. Person as well that you know I don't think without the help of companies like Google and Microsoft and Apple that every child in the country could be issued a new laptop or a new Chromebook or something but that there are ways to lock things down so that when your quote unquote In that classroom, you know from 8-845 when you're supposed to be in that and do that. And even if she is giving a quiz that you can lock down the other programs that it's like okay once you open the zoom.
definitely.
hope you know and again this is where the teachers need to band together
and I'm not saying they aren't but you
know
I am
at
there
super unprepared and at least.
but
so
there's going to have a lot of you know quote unquote in school, what do they used to call them? But you know. Yeah the teachers
are going to the
teacher trained a lot better. Um But again now they have a goal of knowing that okay school's over or school might be over in a few more days or a couple of weeks or more but then they've
got this goal of they will the teachers themselves will have to start taking some tests and knowing the equipment and have to meet minimum requirement
and they might have to start coming up with tests. I don't know what I. T. Certifications you have but I know when I'm working for consulting firm you know and a lot of the programmers
were taking you know their various programming certifications that
the class
itself
8 1 way to do things. But then the tests I would really ask questions that weren't covered in the class that the tests for certification were really asking for ways to do things or answers that you had to have been really working with the material. You know that yes you might have learned to you know do an algorithm this way but they're asking you to solve it this way. And the only way you would have had that knowledge is if you had actually been trying to do algorithms in the program. So if you could somehow
be a little more that. Yeah.
No certainly. I mean you know the weather has been a lot cooler here in florida than I
understand. I've
only been in
now
lie and I know last july august and september I barely left the apartment because
that's so hot and human. But
you
know that things have not warmed up enough that
like a normal
goes away. So yeah. A the worry is that no, we won't see a weather related or a season related reduction. But that again, once the fall does start to ramp back up that yeah, it's gonna be tough. You know, it's going
to be tough.
No that's
long.
Have you been doing surveys?
No and I'm prolific.
I've been doing a, you know, something tells me I don't necessarily get up early enough to get some of the better surveys. But yeah, I've found some really interesting you know,
first I'm also on
a service called
surveys,
branded surveys. B. R. A.
N. D. D. Uh
It's other surveys are very poignant and very interesting but unlike prolific where
you know
there's a survey available and you click on it and you go into it. You know you're gonna be doing it. I can spend sometimes 1520 minutes
going
through all these preliminary qualification surveys to be told, oh yeah you don't qualify for that one.
Try this one.
I
know you don't qualify for that one now try this one. But I've earned $20 so far
is um And
the next I really I guess have to because I've also been fighting with the unemployment system and you know I never got my stimulus check and
no
because of that because of that weird situation up north where
I had rented a room and then the guy and his partner or slash wife really turned out to be pretty darn crazy. He claims when my check arrived he sent it back to the IRS so I just don't even know where it is or how to recover it. And the I. R. S. Is still so I should have. I mean they mailed it but I haven't received it and I don't know when I'll receive
it.
I
know.
Well I know because when they said that it was going to be based on filing your taxes
I filed
although
it out because I owed I
owed
that even though Tax Act had
me put
in direct
observation. They never when I looked at the actual forms that got sent to the I. R. S. They
a man came up right in and gave them direct deposit information.
We're going to mail you a check and it's like really? I think
it's donald trump's fault
I think.
No.
every day I keep trying to but
wouldn't it?
No.
Such a nightmare. I filed originally
March 22
and
I
I still have any money and only just yesterday did I finally get them to say okay we think you might be owed some now give us all this.
So yeah I'm
eight weeks and nothing. So it's been very very tough but you got to do
and I know plenty of people who have filed after me
who
got their money almost immediately and
I'm still
how
about
your family and it out were they affected? Did you have any?
What
but
family extended family anybody has been infected or had
to go that
I have one.
Then I know I have one
ant
cousin.
I have
one
who
was in a nursing home and she was hospitalized and tested positive. Um
I haven't received word
that he had
passed
away so I have to call my cousin and see
how she's doing.
But
since
I haven't erred
my hopes and guess is that she is doing okay.
And they were also very happy to get her out of the nursing home and into the hospital in many ways. You know
they were.
Mhm.
Mhm.
Let's
We're about 32 minutes so yeah.
Done
our job.
Very much
employed.
Thanks. I
I hope the kids get something more to entertain them
student.
but you go back partially. Good luck
too. Bye
bye.