Hi Hi, I'm here.
Okay, nice to meet you.
Where are you from?
I came here. I am. I live in Miami Beach.
not
that far.
Sorry?
Oh well um I have italian descent. Um so yeah, I am from there from Rome actually. So how the situation in vero beach corona wise, are you guys opening up? Yeah.
Well.
Well
I'm,
I work from home. Um I don't know if you know, but our county here in South Beach which is Miami dade and Broward. So in south florida and in particular we're not opening up yet. Um as opposed to the rest of all the florida counties were waiting because probably uh they don't want to have any tourism going on for Memorial Day, so we're actually still mostly
at home, all
our beaches are closed. The
pool. I mean everything, you know like everything is closed except the essentials. So we're opening up some things I believe today but not much, nothing is open so we have to wait. It's still a bit more.
that
one
there.
now the basics yeah
I will raise
it.
Well I work for a company um I for the I. T. Department. Um And I have um I have my family so I have I'm also homeschooling my kids which is uh which is hard. It is a big challenge. And uh also we don't have a lot of open areas outside. We do have some part. So it's it's challenging um staying always at home working home and then having the kids home and it's very complicated. So I look forward to having you know some things reopen and some some things at least coming back to a sort of normalcy because it's been spent 23 months. I have been really hard three months. The school's been closed three months ago. Yeah. So.
Hey
more
I'm not I'm not never home.
Never
hope. No no no no no no
I don't like to be home. Um It's something I don't really enjoy especially because you get interrupted and I mean the whole situation is kind of uh unique. Uh You gotta do what you gotta do. I mean there's not much I can do, I will be part partially going back hopefully not next week, the week after. So. But that too is scary, you know, You never know.
I?
M sorry.
Well here we have actually a good situation where anyone can go up. There is a testing center and when any beach
anyone can go they test I think 700-700 people a day. So they're really testing very very fast and they're doing a lot of it. Um But we still have a lot of cases, they're kind of flat or anyway going a bit down, but not as much as other areas. That's why we're still kind of close. That's why it's worse because we have a lot of, lot of cases in Miami dade particular, that's a place and for that where we have the most, so just going back to, you know, work or whatever is is uh for me it's scary, you know, to get
the elevators and you know, so
Well.
I'm
moving.
but
they will be open, right? I mean, before
I
don't know,
you
can't
wait for that, right? I
mean,
you
don't have.
No.
Oh yeah. Well, that is scary.
Our landing in the whole county.
Mhm.
Okay. So here we have, uh, I believe in Miami Day, I think it was last time I checked, it was 15 or 16,000.
what? You can yourself snake.
it,
No,
no,
I think, look, I think the schools are gonna be, are not going to go back to normal even with the opening of the school year mostly because they're so, the classrooms are really small and there's so many students. Um, so I don't know. I don't think that will happen. So,
Yes. The Kawasaki, Yes, that too.
So, I mean it's one thing after the other, I just don't see the light at the end of the tunnel here yet. So right.
Yeah. It's not
the economy wise to everything is, there's so many sectors that are completely still as you said tourism, you know, but everything, cruise ships and the airlines and the, yeah,
hotels, everything. It's just,
Little
I want
to start on Wendy.
yeah, it's a double whammy for you. I'm
not,
Who
are?
that's true. Thank you.
But no
one
really thought about it, you know,
no one really thought it would be as bad. I mean, I, as I saw them from Italy, right. So already in, in january february the situation there was, it was picking up there and it was scary. So I was people and it was scary. But you know, you never think that the whole thing will actually spread the whole world right? Instead of just like, I didn't think this would ever happen.
I got exactly one
and
well
talking
to other
people more.
that's true.
that's wrong.
what
we
thought.
But we're having 100 years later we're
having
another uh
I couldn't hear the last thing you said.
Well hopefully so. But
but
still if you think about it uh we're you know, we can't do anything about it. And everyone is working all the scientists and world are working to find a cure vaccine but no one really has found any solution as of yet. You know? So that's scary scary. You don't know. Up until when what if it's another e another two years I
how can the economy hold up And this is a situation that is worldwide. It's it's crazy.
I preach one on it and
fresh for on it.
Why don't we please.
It's okay
thanks.
You want more a different one,
relax
over.
I asked
me.
There were
some
folks
and that's, you
know, it's a big problem because if schools don't reopen, then a lot of people will have problems because it's not like you can put them in, the schools are closed. It's not gonna be any child care either. Right? Because it's the same thing. So I don't know really how it's gonna find out. I'm very worried. I mean I'm not the only one of course, but I mean it's uh keeps me very worried the whole situation
Also
by,
you know, Yes and no, I mean, I'm looking at it. I mean I've been working and it doesn't really um work as well as when you are. You know, it doesn't work, it doesn't work. There's certain things that you can just not do it. It's a little more you need to actually be there with other people. Fast decisions, things that have to be done that, you know, are you on a meeting? It just doesn't work the same way. So, and in any way um You have distractions, you know, people have things going on in the background and the kids way,
it's
like
a 50% capacity. You know, like you're not in it completely.
It's
hard to look. It's hot, you know? It's hard. So that's when I that's why when I heard about the last thing about the kids that were supposed to be the ones that actually were removed from it. So
Michael keep it down. So it's okay. So yeah, do you have any kids after
all?
You
What?
You do what?
Well,
You have to find this shame.
Is
he here?
Yeah, I know how I love you. Oh my god. You know
fault
now get me get me yet.
Wait,
how
do you
want to
live
rounds
small.
Three. But
then
what
are you gonna help
on some?
Help us
get that.
Hello.
something
that
That's good. That's good.
No, no.
Yeah, forget it. Forget it. No.
What?
Yeah. Um so basically um they do, they connect with zoom? Okay. Um and they do, depending on the day and the subject, they do around an hour and a half to a day. So just by telling you, nor within the school for 7.5 hours a minimum, right? So there you have it at 1.5 to then they give them a whole bunch of stuff to do uh that you know the older ones. Yes, but the younger ones are not able to do alone because they have not, they haven't explained stuff so they're there and they have this home like I don't know how to do it and it's like if you can't you can't substitute seven hours or eight hours with 1.5 which is not 1.5 because when I hear the when they get on they start you know you know talking and how you're doing and oh my God and then it's half an hour of doing stuff and then all the rest is chit chat and and that's not school so again it's already been half of the year like this. Okay so if we're going to do another healthier or another year like this I worry about also them staying behind and you know that's another issue. No
no
no no
go ahead.
Well
where the shooting took place? Oh my God.
Republic School
What
is it to?
you're
not
Maybe that's okay
now.
I
do not want
you know yeah
did
not
even
no
but not the former camps.
Well that makes me remember
what
you
there
has to be structured. There is no start, there's
no structure.
And
one.
Yeah.
I was thinking
anymore.
but you know what if there is no testing right? If you don't test them and they do the test at home they're not really going to do anything to do the test because they have the answers at home. So unless they go at least I don't know a day a week to take a test I don't know or do something of the sort my idea is that they're not going to really do anything because they have everything there, right? At least I see what mind do they put the answers there and they they're not really studying because they know there's so many ways to just not study in in any way good. And a but while when they do a test at school, there's no way of cheap, you know what I mean? So they the study for that test, so it's been 34 months, but they're not really doing anything and you know, as much as I tell them, they really I see that they're done, I'm done, I'm done, you
know?
yeah, I know, but not not yet because they, you
know, you can have stuff here and you can't see it, you know, like I could have my answer. So you don't see me. I could just glance and get the answer is very easy. So, I mean until they're home, they're not really going to be, you know, challenged that much. That's my my idea, you know? Mhm
True.
They don't
know how,
I think
it's very unprepared. This is
what I see.
lot of them have no I. T. Cells like they really even to to you know, just go on zoom for them as a problem. So how, you know, how are they going to overcome this? You know?
It's hard
party.
Training.
Training.
weeks.
Hopefully helpful.
You must be
we're removing
the well
off to war.
Or
I don't know. I don't know. I think they can shoot I mean if they're home they're gonna ask someone, they can google it. They can do so many other things, you know? So I don't know. I just think that at least once, once every 10 days or once a week they should go and at least have the testing done. Otherwise we're going to have them, you know really like behind. But again, let's see, let's see what happens hanging. We don't know, maybe they can find a cure, who knows, miraculous cure that comes out or maybe like the SARS it just you know, disappears as the virus came and you never know. So
People
like
that
line.
Oh my God, it's so hot. Right?
not
one
not
as useful
but
the fall, I mean at least here it's october november. Here we're we have hot weather very hot. You're in south for a super super hot. But I don't know if even that is related to you know the virus, they're not really sure, you know, if that is really that important or
now no one knows. So who else? Well
anyway
not a lot actually. Not a lot. Um I had a friend who told me about this uh prolific. Uh it's the one I only do because I think it has very interesting things um surveys and I don't really participate because I don't really have a lot of time but this one is very interesting and I like to do things that are interesting and different. So yeah
Are
were interesting. Right? Yeah.
Where's
all the pen?
What on board
arms?
Uh huh. I don't have a are you dropped one? But I live with me. I don't really
never
support
last
year.
my God no
you
are
you're going,
No
you didn't you didn't
get it.
Well
mining
was directly deposited in my account so
that
would you could have done it at the beginning so actually
well
so I decided. Sorry.
No
even
harder
you
might
see
now um gun battle.
no we have in place.
Well
all
of these guys
comes again to, well I hope you track it down or something I mean
my God that's
It's
a nightmare. And unemployment too is a nightmare. It's crazy
why
I
need
to get.
What was your favorite there?
brother.
I mean I've heard of a lot of people that got it right away and other people that had you know a lot of issues so it's some people are saying oh wow it works so well then somewhere like I haven't gotten anything yet so it's it's really weird right
and
got it,
that's
what I'm saying is it's weird, wow. Well I hope you to figure that out quickly and that you get your money.
I really
will,
Well, um as I said, my, my coming from Rome, Rome does not have a lot of cases. I think they have in the whole county of Rome, that, that area there, I think they have four or 5000 cases which compared to here, Miami Dade County that has 40,000. I mean it's nothing, it has a problem in the north but knowing the whole rest, So they've been doing okay. They have like not a lot of problems. They're, they're, they're reopening. Um, but north really still has a lot of deaths per day, so they're still not out of the woods. No
one is actually, no one
is,
no,
no.
Well they quarantined like, you know, you couldn't go out unless you kind of had like a, you had a out of certify that, you know, you're going out to get groceries and and the police there would ask you where are you going? Okay? You have to come back in half an hour, you know, they're really on it. Whereas here actually it never happened to me that someone stopped me, I would go out even to jog or something and no one ever told me where you're going or what are you doing or So here it wasn't as strict. They should have been stricter I believe because it's really jumped here awesome.
And
what
and
your little
book
I have
help,
I
have
directed
And
that
even
as
needs more hundreds
hopefully. So wow,
it's
certainly better now, nursing homes are are quite the hotspots. Yeah.
Yeah.
Well genuine.
I think we it was it was very nice talking to you. I think we went over. So we we did our job. Right,
So,
so
we're good. It was very nice talking to you.
And
I really hope you get your stimulus.
I'm stuffed up now.
I
hope. All
Alright. Stay safe.
Bye