Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Stop. Okay. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Certain types of people. Mhm.
Hey how
are you?
it's really loud. 1 2nd. Turn down the volume.
Mhm. Your photography, is that what you're doing? A nice hat?
huh.
I
mean
you don't into
it.
It because um I wanted to buy a camera but it was for videography though. I wanted to start a Youtube channel And it said to buy the Canon G. seven U. seven X. I don't know I mean you probably know a lot about I'm assuming you know a lot about cameras but
but
there's a camera.
Yeah I think my friend his camera cost him $3,000 and it was his hobby too. Yeah I think you saved up a year for it. Yeah.
I can hear my voice. I can hear an echo. Can you turn like under the microscope microphone sensitivity or down or just turn the volume down a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. So we can talk about anything.
Let me say, yeah, we can talk about anything. So I think my state is going to close back up again because the current impact.
I'm
in texas. I'm in texas.
Uh
I'm pretty sure texas will close down again. I mean our bars. So we opened up bars and restaurants and then they already re close them and we opened up elective surgeries,
hospitals. But now we need those beds for coronavirus. So they closed down elective surgery is closed down bars, restaurants have to go down in capacity
and I'm pretty sure I'm going to close back up again. I think texas and florida are going to close back up again because we jump from, let's see every week we're doubling. The thing is that we don't have enough tests here in Dallas. I'm in Dallas.
So.
so
two
weeks ago
we
had.
Yeah it's pretty three worrisome. But two weeks ago we had 300 then last week it doubled the 506 100. The thing
is that we don't know it's probably higher than that because we just ran out of tests every day. So we have four tests and three of those four tests. So two weeks ago, three of those 24 test sites would run out of tests between noon. I mean before noon every day. And now I think In the greater area we have six test sites And all six test sites run out of tests every single day for the past week. So we basically start hard stuck on counting 500 500 counts per day.
Yeah. And if it doubles every week. So I mean this week is probably 1000
what
I mean? I dated a girl from Ohio. I don't know from a really, really small town in Ohio. Do you know what? Perry? Ohio
I don't even
know where
it
is. It's near where the uh the nuclear uh stacks are
I'm surprised you've heard of it.
I've been to Cincinnati. Yeah I went to Cincinnati and I had to have a farmers market there Man. This is like five
years ago and I went to this ice cream place called Jeni's ice cream.
Yeah and it was probably the best ice cream I've ever had in my life.
Columbus.
She has one of the inactive place to live in Nashville too for a little bit. Actually.
I met her not knowing it was her. Yeah, she gave me it was, it was I went it was their opening day and I was like oh hey like I went to your original place and it was in columbus actually not Cincinnati. And she was like oh that's so cool, like thanks for being a customer. And she gave me this like ice cream. And I was just like oh cool. Like I got ice cream lose her. But how is this situation coronavirus up there?
huh.
What's
that?
That's the zoo. This name is you.
Thank
you,
Why
is the unique? What makes it unique?
I
know I mean I know what herring is but I didn't know what a blue heron are they just a blue version of regular herring? Or
My hands are pretty, pretty big
and when I say
So you saw them fighting? Uh
interesting. Yeah. I don't think we have hands here in texas. We have a lot of like hot bird species. Like we have parakeets. Which is really crazy because like parakeets usually in stores but here in texas you see them in the wild.
Yeah. And they go in huge flocks maybe like 8, 10 and you'll see them like kind of like swarming I guess they're not
that's territorial. Um Yeah, but I mean like corona
certain numbers are going down there because I'm just surprised that they're just going up. So if they're not only is it going up, it's just going up super
fast here in texas,
all
the metropolitan
areas.
Houston austin san Antonio Dallas.
Yeah, that's the thing that that's what I've been reading because I was wondering I was like why is it that texas
in
florida? And so I wanted to ask you because you're not in texas, why is it that texas
and
florida are the only two that are just starting to close back up again while like the rest of the country, it seems fine. And I think the reason I was reading about is because Texans aren't taking it seriously, they're not wearing mass, like they don't care. Um I mean I totally have friends that are going out without mass and like part of the thing is too is that it seems that texas opened up wasting and you're saying that your stuff just opened up like last week we've been we've been open for like two months. Yeah. Like I remember I think it was
it had been over eight weeks ago that our parks um reopened back up, which is interesting. So I think that might be the reason we re reopen too soon. People not wearing not taking it seriously because I'm a friend in California as saying about and he's like, yeah, he's like all all the billboards signs, they say like, you know, do your duty, you know do your part where your mask, you know social distance and like we don't have any of that in texas. So and I think, I mean last week Our two biggest cities San Antonio and Houston reported that they were at 90% capacity at their hospitals. No,
like, so like last week it was like, hey it's done, it's gonna get bad and then this week everything started closing back up again. So I'm just kind
of worried
about how it's going to be.
the star.
Uh huh.
At Conde
rosa
Pizza
place Connie rosa.
That's that's
pretty
yeah, because they closed because they had employees that were infected. I think there are 22 out of the three locations had over three employees infected. So they had to close.
Is
that a Brazilian
That's
about most barbecue places. I like that. I mean I haven't been to a restaurant and I mean I've been ordering out every saturday, but I've been a restaurant since since quarantine started. I mean it's
like three months.
Yeah. I mean what do I do to get out? I like workout outside. But the thing that's too hot here in Texas, I'm sure when you were here it was probably over 90s, right?
Yeah.
It's been it's been overnight. It's been hitting over 90 every day. I think last week you were here on monday. So I mean it's pretty hot.
It's just been
really cloudy. That's it. But I think that comes every
year though. I'm not sure. I
know
we
get
we
get
grand
pretty
often. I mean, I don't know, Everyone just talks about coronavirus because it's like, it's like the thing, especially, especially, especially I think last, yeah, last friday they put out the emergency order to close the bars and everyone's like, oh no, we're closing back up again and then they are closing down elective surgeries. Um, but what's weird to is that even though we're open a lot of stores, like, like the Canyon Road pizza place, they have like multiple employees infected and they have to close down for like a deep clean is what they call it. So we've had in my area to walmart and target near me. Actually the target right next to love field closed down. And it's just like if that's happening, why are they like, why is it okay? Just keep saying. But I just don't just don't get why we're why we're opening so soon compared to other states. Because I'm confused because like my, my information in other states is really eliminated. That's what I find on the internet. And it's like, oh, New Jersey hasn't even opened up the restaurants, you know? Mhm.
Bye.
Who
was the
governor
Mike dewine.
Yeah, I hope
so.
You end up like texas and florida.
Yeah. I know. We're probably going to be closed for another because we're, we haven't even hit our peak yet. That's the thing. So we're going to be closed for several more weeks. For sure.
Because I mean, think think about it, we're hitting supposedly Between 800,000 cases per day in my city. And
so in two or three weeks, those people are going to be 2 to 3% of those people are going to pass away, but it's gonna take them two or three weeks, so even if they go out for one week and they're in fact that they can affect, but possibly, you know, in two dozen, three dozen people, depending on how socially active they are, it's pretty dangerous and yeah, I mean that's I mean that's thing about coronavirus that it spreads a lot because it takes like, you know, three weeks till someone gets, you know, definitely ill, so it's like fine, whatever.
the big places like Sam's Club and Costco to prevent that, they have like special hours for the elderly, they get the morning hours because they get the source get cleaned deep cleaned at night. Uh So in the mornings just for old people and it's like um it's like, I'm not like amazed but it's like very like you have to walk in one direction. Uh these are, I'm just talking about like Samsung
because they can set up those like huge like pillars of like food and stuff, so you kind of just forced to go in one way um walmart, they have like reduced capacity and I think, I mean essentials and stuff because you're only allowed to buy
certain amount of it, you're not allowed to like stock pilot, I don't know how it is now. I think the most, The most cautious one is hospital Chris trip like and we have like you can't enter without a mask policy so I mean every place is going to be, is going to give you a mask to come in, right? They want business but they're not, they're not super enforcing it. I think that's the problem, people here really don't like don't care like even my friends like they don't, they're not wearing a mask, some of them, I mean they go out to bars, restaurants and stuff like that. I mean it depends. I don't know. I have some friends who have been super strict. I have a friend and she she does I. T. Work actually. She works for a big financial company
and
I don't think she's seen anyone for over nine weeks. And so much as she actually bought a puppy just so that she's like not by herself. Yeah.
You have
a photography to lie to me.
Is that like uh she's always that one company that headline university? Mm Was it M Iraq
air mark? Is it like that? Okay.
So they just Okay. Yeah. Because they managed all the food stuff at my university, like everything.
huh.
Happy.
So you went back to school?
This is going
to
come to you and the the rise.
Uh It's all online,
interesting. How is it to take classes online?
Thank
you for your
time.
Do you
have any classmates? So like you do work with your classmates if you're having online classes,
interesting
And some modern
modern times.
Is your is your wife worried about coronavirus? I guess it seems
better
in other states. Maybe I was freaking out because this is like texas and like, like the reports came in today, you know? And I was just like, oh, like we're
like, again, you know?
Mhm. Man, but like, how many deaths? So we have 123,000?
Yeah. I mean, coronavirus
will probably be, Yeah. Okay. Wait, so where in july say, I mean almost july um, Flu kills 80,000 a year, 80,000, Last year that killed 80,000.
You can
find some
information.
The thing that's crazy though is that, Um, the initial studies show that we would only have like 80,000
deaths by the end of the year from coronavirus. We're like, okay, Um, by actually identity, by August, they're like 80,000 is what we're going to try to control and keep it at that. And I remember when that report came out, my friends, we have like a, like a chat group, Like a instant messaging group and I posted that and I was like, Oh man, like 80,000 girls. Like, Oh man, the number is way too high. That's that's so crazy. There's not gonna be like 80,000 deaths. And now we're at like, I remember when we hit 120, my friend was like, Hey Peter your number that you posted at 80,000 now we just hit 120 again. My God. And I realized that after I posted that it's pretty didn't say, I think, I mean, but I do think that different states are taking me differently and I think texas, texas and florida are probably going to be the word for sure just because the population size and two because these two, uh, now that now I'm seeing that we opened up way too early compared to other states, especially that I saw today that New Jersey doesn't even want. New Jersey was supposed to open up the restaurant this week. And they have not that not restaurants have been opened here in texas basically for like forever. And uh, restaurants don't even go by. I don't think they even abide by the 66 ft rule or anything here.
I
mean
that's yeah, that's how it wasn't in the european country. So I have a friend in um
I should have a friend in Spain Italy and France and they had like five equivalent of 5 €500.
So like what? $600 fine basically for like being out. Yeah, because
I
mean, but that was during their peak. But now, I mean they're completely Italy is completely over it. I haven't talked to my time friend in a while, but I remember because they were like, what, like two or three weeks ahead of us in there and back then I was just like, oh man, like America's got this, we're not going to like we're, you know, closer cultures and they're like, oh yeah, be careful like this is really, really serious. Like she's like, I feel like you don't understand how serious. And I was like, I'll do like, we closed their borders with talking to gay here, you know? And she's like, no, it's intense. So now I'm like, now I'm like, oh man, it's intense. I guess she was right.
I think they had
him before
too. Like they were ahead on the timeline and our, but even
then
though, I mean we're still, I think in the beginning we were really good about it. Like I remember I went out once to the supermarket when it started and I was like the only one, like even driving, I saw one other car on the street and now after everything opened up, it's like there's traffic hours and everything. But I mean, I really think, I mean, I think it really is interesting that texas and florida are probably going to close again. I I really think so. I don't think there's any other way to contain it at this point. Yeah. And uh yeah, which sucks because I was so excited. I was like, the one thing is I've lost, I think probably 25 more than £25 from not going to the gym. Yeah, I all have at home are like these like just like dumbbells, so that's why I've lost almost. I remember when I lost £10 I was like whoa, because at that point my shorts were like loose fitting and now my shorts are like, like, like okay, like this shirt, my arms used to fill up this this like this would be tight. Yeah, that's how much weight I've lost from quarantine. Yeah.
Yeah.
They had LF and this is pretty it's a pretty big place.
I
like
that.
Yeah I think this is pretty much I used to go there to play racquetball in my city and I was always surprised because there was like there's there's everything in there, it's enormous. They have a pool. Um Because I work out at the Y. M. C. A. And the Y. M. C. I go out is like tiny compared to life in this like super tiny. Mhm.
Yeah. But I'm surprised because I mean I just I just can't work out. So I was thinking about buying I want I have two friends that bought proper lifting equipment and it cost them over 1500. And it's like do I want to invest in that? And they.
Yeah but I just
I don't know I'm just I'm consistently losing just so much weight. I'm just I'm losing just like all my muscle and I'm trying so hard to retain it. Like yesterday I did like 100 push ups and it's just it's not enough. I'm just losing all my muscle. Uh I
think I don't know. I think our time is up.
We started late though, that's the thing. So I don't know.
All right. Can I just read this really quick? Okay, you have opened up the video shop. Please keep it open the entire time. Don't close it until you're completely finished.
but we
we
started late. That's the thing. What is your time or at?
Okay, so it's the same click click here. Opening your time when you are face to do not move on to the next one you open. Yeah. Yeah Man, I was surprised to paying $15 for this. You know what I mean? Maybe
it's thing ever.
Uh Please wait five. Okay. Okay. So our conversation, do we have to close the window
or to start the survey? No,
it's
it's just quick the next page. Yeah. Okay. I'm going to click the next page. Empathy for what happened. But I don't know if this is going to close that this window though, but if it does. I had a great conversation. Yeah.
Remember
keep
keep the conversation. Can we close this page now?
How is technically?
All
man.
Stay safe, wear mask. Don't come to texas or florida.
I have a good one, man.