Hello?
Good,
how are you? You
just my microphone here really quick a
little bit, It's a hobby. Um
um My wife and I uh we used to shoot weddings and we did portraiture and stuff like that, not a whole lot of fun. Um Was lucrative. Um But I just I don't really enjoy it so
I like
to
not
not not for weddings and stuff like that, I like going hiking and doing like landscape photography and shoot and stuff like that out in the nature. Oh.
Um Yeah to be quite honest I'm more of an old school analog photographer. I mean I do have digital equipment. I've got a Nikon D. 300 which is a decent okay camera. Um I think it's got about 10 megapixels. The actual digital when I want to buy is a Nikon D. 8 50 which is 40 mega pixels but it's very
expensive.
Yeah man used ones like $2,000.
Yeah I can see that. I mean I can't, it's hard for me to justify spending that much money on a hobby if I'm not making any income out of it you know? Um But hopefully by the end of this year actually build afford one.
but
where do you live? Let's
see.
I was just in texas. Um I heard that was a hot spot. I had to go down to frisco just north of Dallas. Yeah we
opened up executive officers up there and I had to connect the circuit. I'm an I. T. Director for my day job. Uh huh. But yeah I was surprised to see how crowded the airports were. Uh and the plane was about two thirds full when I flew down there. Yeah.
thanks.
Well
man
that's ridiculous. I
mean
by now
I
mean
what were we're like the fourth month of this pandemic roughly? I mean there should be plenty of resources to get test up to people, you know.
Well
Bomb.
that's, that's crazy. Yeah, I don't know, I haven't
followed too much here in Ohio. Um
Perry that's up by Toledo.
I'm not
your
second.
Okay. Yeah, there's actually, there's a couple of, there's actually some up towards Toledo and there's some down south towards Cincinnati but probably I think Perry Perry Township, I think that's yeah, that's towards Toledo.
Oh yeah, there's a lot of small small talents in Ohio
Hello?
Uh I am,
yeah, they actually started in columbus
and she's actually starting to um she's starting to branch out, I think she's got a few stores out west.
No.
how is it how is it how are you handling it? Um Well I mean we're pretty much open um full of war right now. The zoo opened last week. Uh
We have Hocking Hills down south that's opening tomorrow.
Um I think
movie theaters. What's that?
Uh No Hocking Hills. Um It's Hocking Hills is uh it's a it's a national acting as a national park pressure. It's a national park actually get more visitors
per year than
Yellowstone. Um It's not as big as Yellowstone but it's very unique especially for this part of the country. A lot
of caves.
Um A lot of caves um down there um You don't really see all the caves like these in Ohio. Um And it's it's it's secluded um There's a lot of cabins you learn on their, I love going down there to shoot you know marla down there. A lot of blue herons. These, I don't know if you're familiar with birds but there's these blue herons are really big show like cranes or regrets
get loud here
Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah.
They
are big and I didn't realize um there's actually this um little pond down the street from my house and they hang out there a lot with their ego. It's too and I didn't realize how territorial oil they are aggressive like they fight off if like even their own species still fight off. Yeah actually.
Yeah.
They're wild, wow.
grandma.
No.
No.
Yeah. Is there any particular areas like is it like the spring
break
spots
or
mom? Okay. Yeah. I'm hoping, you know, I mean when I go out you know doing my errands around here, I see I mean 90% of the people are wearing face masks still out in public and in stores and things like that so people are taken seriously um
what is
it?
I
think
Three.
man.
I
don't know,
mommy. Yeah, I remember when I was, I was down there last last monday and Tuesday and I didn't, you know, so I flew into Dallas love uh went to frisco and my hotel was right by the office so I didn't really travel on the city too much, but I went down to, you know, I don't know if you're familiar with, they have that kept Dallas cowboys for
practice. Yeah,
so I have dinner down there,
not
a whole lot of people down there.
What's that?
Oh I saw that place, um
I
think it was close though.
Right. So yeah, I went to uh place called tri tri tips. Tri
tip steaks.
No, it's like a it's more like a barbecue joint. They had different types of sandwiches um have like pulled pork. It was nice open. It was like they had, the bar was like towards the front, towards the street and sidewalk. And uh they had this big gate that was opened up. It was open air seating. It's
pretty
man,
it was so rough. Same thing here. We my wife and I went to the first restaurant like say probably about maybe we can have two weeks ago. Um And even then like all the restaurants are only at half capacity so they like seat every other table and make sure everybody's doing the six ft. Uh It was nice to get out finally.
Yeah,
it was it was high, I think. High 80s, low 90s.
Do you guys get hit with that, that sand storm or whether that's a hero sand
thing?
No.
wonder
why
they decided
to
make
it a
big deal this
year.
I mean, I guess, you know,
it all it all boils down to what the state governor governor uh you know, thinks is right and the right thing to do. I'm not a big fan of our governor dewine, but I think he's I think
he's
handling
it uh mike dewine.
Yeah, I mean, I think he's handling it well. I mean, I think he's slowly reopening and hopefully you don't see a push. Uh
No,
thank you.
Right man, I don't know if I can handle another three months of isolation.
Bye
sheet.
Yeah. You don't you don't know it. How are people responding? Like, I mean is everybody freaking out? Like are they buying uh stockpiling stuff from the stores or? Yeah.
All
Of course,
Thank
you.
Yes. Thing buddy. I. T. Man, you can I mean, I can work from anywhere pretty much for the most part unless
I have
No, I mean, photography was really never my main gig. It was just something I did on the side. Um But yeah, I actually went for hours in the restaurant industry for a long time. Um I started out as a door guy and I went to the House State University and I was a doorman and I was actually at a house at university taking photography courses. And then they closed the school down so I'm like well I don't want to do anything else. My company offered me a management job. I was working in Charles. I worked memorial way up to uh let's get this shit Housing marketing. I was senior marketing director for a company called Sodexo. They do um uh Like they do a whole bunch of stuff. The division I was in is they sub cafeterias in places like nationwide? Uh And they manage those.
uh No deco uh Air mark.
Same thing. Same concept.
Yeah. They're huge. Both those guys are huge. But yeah that was I got tired of it. Um Not on the job but just of the people the people were like that probably worked with really smug um
and weren't happy, which made me smug
and happy. Yeah. Like man before I grow old and, and get better. I'm gonna get out of this industry. So that's why, you know, went to in tight.
Yeah, I would actually, I went to debris um for
two
years.
hot.
Yeah. Yeah. Well there's a, there's a campus here in columbus but I did all my stuff online.
It's challenging. Um the classes that I took were um, there were, there were nothing, there was no like um webinars right where I could see live instructors or see the rest of the class. It was
all done
through
recordings, lectures, recordings. Then I have to reach out to my instructor if I have any questions. Um and it was really, really tested my time management skills and um no, you know, I had to tighten my schedule up, you know, um just to make sure that I was doing everything
that was needed, a daily basis because I couldn't wait till saturday.
Um, there are certain projects that I worked on with my classmates virtually. Um, but again, it was done all through pretty much email, you know,
it wasn't set up where we could have face to face conversations over the web.
I'm
sorry.
After
you
now.
Yeah, no, my wife is like, I mean, she's over it. She's not a big conspiracy theorist, but um, she, she equates this uh, coronavirus much too like the flu, just like ordinary flu. Um
Yeah, something like that. And I'm just wondering how many deaths the regular flu causes per year, which is probably the coronaries by double. Right, okay.
Immediately.
So that's
significantly
significantly
less than, yeah, car buyers
over.
Well yes, so they're actually the wine is actually starting to enforce once once the he didn't before, but now that everything is starting to open back up, he's actually having the police enforce the six ft roll. If you don't enforce it you get you get fined
and
then.
Right
What,
that's pretty
serious.
Yeah it seems like the rest of the world has has it a lot more under control than we do
major
Anderson.
well
good.
Yeah I
belong to L. A. Fitness and they just opened up this month and I went for the first time last week it was I've got like a rowing machine downstairs and a treadmill, that's it. And make some dub mills. But I mean, I can't really work out here like I do at the gym. Um I went to the gym for the first time last week and there was Maybe five people there.
Yeah, that's nice because I travel a lot for my job, right? So um every market I go into, there's there's
only
fitness,
so it's not like I can work out while I'm on the road to.
bro.
man, it can get expensive
and
yeah,
that's 11:30.
Um I wonder how they time it.
For oh, there's a timer on my page, You're
on
something,
32 minutes.
it's pretty, Yeah.
For yeah, like a half hour of work. Just, just just talking. It's pretty cool. Uh huh. What?
Let's
see
here.
man, You to
stay safe
out there.
Um Probably I'm gonna hit that. I'm gonna hit the next button to just to see what happens. Mhm. Okay.
But yeah, I think uh I think we're good.
I think we just close
this.
I'm not giving a few months. So
you cheated.