Mhm. Okay, thank you. Mhm. Yeah,
I Oh,
how
are you doing?
Uh That's nice. That's nice. That's
Uh Yeah, this is actually my 5th time I would think.
I think
I went.
Yeah, I think
I'm
like
always
something like I probably have like one more to go and that's it. Just kind of talk
with.
I think
so.
True.
True, true. So
where do you where
do you stay at, where do you live at?
I see
Miss
Knight.
Yeah. That's cool. Let's go live in Chicago.
Yeah, but I
I school
charleston
like three
hours away
from
Chicago, but my family lives in Chicago so and I'm
always
going
to probably
just go back home. So
I'm also I'm
going back
home either friday or saturday for thanksgiving,
but my school
was like don't come back and I'll just just say I don't because the old stuff it's kind of sucks up, Its whatever to be on that smile. I don't really care. Yeah.
I mean I don't really
do
anything
for thanksgiving
though. My family doesn't really do understand if it was just like a number day,
but sometimes my dad probably cooks you know, touch to enjoy yourself. But I don't know this year kind of feels weird so I'll
probably
just
Yes, I don't know to be honest when you have a gaming um excess or something. Yeah.
I see.
I
thought probably
camera something. Probably
games.
What
what
gives
you
play?
What is your playing?
It
doesn't
matter
like anything.
I'd be a little bit anything so I'll can't understand you.
No, I think that for us, Well it's been one it's been watching
that
Probably
some middle
school
or something.
It's
one
of those
games
that are probably never gonna go away. It's just gonna be there forever.
Yeah. Yeah. Same with my career as well. I feel like married that was like the same category together.
It's kind of cool them. I mean
I don't
play
games I'm
playing. I'd be able to play a game so just watch people
play
games
though sometimes. But mom, we might
sell a lot of really play games because I don't have
tv I don't watch anything.
Even if I subscribe
from
netflix,
I barely watch other things. So it's like a waste of money. So it's pretty much just leave my stuff
at a tone or like when
I go back home I probably like play games. But I play, I play games on my phone I've like called or something like that. But mobile. Uh
once in a while but I tried to play on my piers for whenever
I
go
back
home. But
whatever
you do this.
I
know it's only our tongue, just just leave it in my tongue because I think it's
gonna be a
distraction
because what if I told him, I just pretty well just play games oh day. And my dad like complains like, why
are you your room all day? Like what are you doing? I'm like, I'm just
playing games.
It's like, it's a lie. You know, I'm like, why would
I lie
to you? So it's kind
of like,
me just, just keep it at home so that I don't do that, that focus on my school and not do anything else. So
I'm in college. I'm like told you right now I'm
doing
mathematics
and my own in physics. Yeah.
I mean it's kind of uh, it's kind of like, okay, don't really cure because I don't want to I want to change um next year because I think I think it's
all the white mike then
teaching and I understand it's not rhythm out there. I don't think
I want
to
probably getting
masters
and
mathematics is
not really my thing and I don't want to do that. So I pretty much want to change to probably engineering since I probably have like fundamental
physics
and that's that's his background. So kind of like else me go there. So how do I have still probably have like two more years ago? So it kind of Yeah.
2.5 or so. Well, it's whatever.
All
That's
it.
What's cool?
Right? Oh okay. Let's go. I think copy
of science I was able to access, but it wasn't like, like my thing
was like fun. I didn't find
it
interesting
as much as I found, I got that thing just like, okay,
what the fuck is this? Like, just I don't really like a coding understands. It was kind of stress
for me, like a new thing because I didn't really do it in high school and everything. Yeah, so it's like what?
Like what what is this?
No.
Yeah, I'm not
interested, that's all.
And
I think about
that
size
is
not, wow, the same is the same with anything like medicine. I don't really like biology understand. It's not like there unless probably that's like my last result.
I'm looking for something to do with my life and probably don't choose that, but
it's not my thing, you know? So
And
through.
I still do um mechanical engineering
because uh because uh
at first
that's
what I wanted to do, but the college I was
trying to go for, it was like really really expensive and I didn't want like butter my dad to get alone and all those kind of things. I was like, you know, just probably just chill. Probably goes to the cheaper school and through mathematics it's better. And I found
out
that, you know, you could switch because my school
there for like a like a like a program where you can transfer somewhere else after like two or three years and two engineering. Somebody else like I was like already that's cool. So I kinda like
average
like taking most of
the
main causes and everything like that. So I don't have to like
start from the beginning again
and everything. That's something okay, okay. It's just
like
I do
that
I could probably just more uh probably
you know, take something
else
and
challenge myself.
That's so cool. And I
kind of like
met somebody was doing mechanical engineering on here as well, I think the last person that kind of military was, she was doing mechanical engineering and you told
me
how
it
was and everything like that, that
probably is just mainly
you know, it has to do with
designing and you know, all this kind of thing. So it's kind of like okay,
it's cool, but whatever. Whatever.
No.
I want a few because it's the same thing, I think probably doesn't want to change the same thing in mathematics and physics, like that's why I got into it.
Like I like finding
out
things, you know like oh this is how something goes, that's how this is, you know, this is why this is this is how stuff works and everything like that. Like I don't think they think things like I want to see
to
see what I'm doing, able to put things together and figure out stuff myself like that. But I didn't feel like
that computer
size just feel like I was just
struggling
to march so I don't really like that so I just you know just wanted to
change.
you just
have
to sit down.
sure. It's cool. We're just cool though. It's cool. I really like uh anytime I see somebody
that's probably
like
something
I don't
mean like
for like admire
you
like
wow so you probably like that. Okay I don't I don't like it but cool for you bro, good for you. So we're just kind of cool because I
committed science math semester and everything like that before the old corona stuff like it everybody. So my teacher
was like
I just want to give everybody an A.
But
you know you still have to do something if I could give you any. So I was like
even though he said that
was kind
of struggling in class and everything like that, I knew like oh it wasn't for me, you know? Because I was also considering like took me a company size
back in the day
because I was like I don't know because I don't think that I didn't
I didn't choose that because I know I'll probably switch after the first semester. I'm probably like hey guys this is not for me. I don't know. Let's put me tall and tall. Just uh twitter. So do you watch movies? Tv
shows
everything like that.
I
don't know.
I
don't
watch anything either.
You
know
Me. I just pretty much just rewatch stuff from like what about what? 10 years ago? I just watch the game
once in a while. But he was like
new
stuff.
I'm
like, Nah, I don't want anything new if like over and they're like, hey, do you want to watch something? And I'm like,
I don't know, just put everything and I'm like,
just choose.
I don't I don't know how what is trending what is not
because I don't I don't think people
like you would take that time
to sit
there like with a T.
V. Show
all day. Like I don't know how to do it. Like I just find it like an interesting
like
I lose,
I
lose fuckers, I lose patient. I just
Because it's just long like oh episodes like 15 minutes long. I'm like how I would just sit out with a whole episode of
a Tv show for like
an hour
for nothing. Like I don't
get anything from
that shit
bro.
No you know I think After there's one TV show I worked
with my sister
like two years ago
it was like
a you know like a korean
I think was like a korean supernatural netflix back
then
and you know I was kind of like getting into her like it was the first time the guy was for the underworld
or something like that.
It's kind of like the girl and
everything like that but the ending was just weird like it was just weird like rust, I don't know how to have to play, it was just rushed.
You know
we didn't
really make any carpet sense. I'm like so I just wish
it about 54 days for this bullshit. Like what the heck is this bro? Like like all this is so I feel like most movies are always like that you know just bullshit you almost towards the end. I just like so I'm like nah I'm not watching anything after this number. Yeah
I
see
company about
it
to
do that. Yeah because next time you get emotionally attached to the characters and everything like that then at the end of it just like okay is that cool? Let's move on.
it same with essays
like concussions
are not really good but the beginning
of
any
value. So uh I
mean it's
hard
to
finish
saying sam
I hate to rising. I'm not really good with rights and that like
that
because
I just
tried
to anything
to be honest. Yeah.
English not my pair but
Same.
I think that's
what
most
parents
don't
understand. Like fortunately to do something you're gonna like doesn't make you like it, you know, it just makes you hate even more on just just like everything I
got
it. So I don't know the same with me. English my parents and
I didn't
like english and biology. So they never they never like kind of like,
it was like, okay, just make sure you pass when they see and we'll be happy. I'm like, okay, cool, cool. Thank you because I know the other class.
I really
feel it was biology once. And because I really hate that the teacher, she didn't like me, I was like a troublemaker in the class. So she was like, you over there, you're gonna feel, I'll make sure you feel
like like that's good. My
school, high school high school college.
Which
you
know
I
mean,
Yeah, she was like just pushing
for like a semester. So I don't know what
I'd do was she didn't really like me. I'm
like one of my buddy eating class so I was like, oh
you guys, you know you know, I'm gonna fill you and shit like that. I never really took that class series, I never thought about that but. Mhm. It's whatever.
It
doesn't
matter.
was the average. I was like the average
kid everybody knew like average I
could be, you know, down lonely today, you know be happy tomorrow. I was just like in between. You know, I didn't know I was like study out dude, I was just like okay let's just go to school and have fun. And that was like, I didn't really
think,
you know,
studying what's
gonna do
anything, I'm just gonna waste my time
to go
on this. So I never
really start just go through my exams and just get the fuck out of there. But I didn't have that surpassed.
So we just kind of weird though, so I don't know, but pass just in between everything and we just kind
But
but like
there was
like one
of the
incidents
that happened
when I was in high school
where we're like this computer lab because the middle and high school was
the same
in the same
place. So
I did
my middle school there in high school there. So I'm in middle school in my last year of middle school. We have like this company
lab
something. And I took I don't know why I thought it was all right for me to that I took PC games to school to install because you have like each detonated like computers for yourself, so that when you go to the computer lab, use your own computer and everything like that. So I
just, I just felt like,
found to put like games and the shit, you know, and probably play games when I'm doing, I don't know why
I thought that was
a good idea, but I did that. And you know,
the games takes so long to install. It's like all internet games, it's like dead. So it
looks like a very
long time
when he was about to be over like, oh shit, I gotta remove
this thing
quickly. So as I was trying to remove it, the teacher saw me
and
it was
like, hey, what are you doing there?
I was like nothing. And it was like kind of go to class. I was like okay. So I just stood up left and the next day the
principal called me and she was like a
the computer
science agent told
me you're watching porn in class.
I'm like wait what? I'm like wait what? But the thing is I didn't I didn't grow up here
so I didn't grow up in the U. S. I grew up in Nigeria West africa side. So over there over there you can talk
back to your teacher, you can talk back to your
elders.
They kind of like as
kind of thing. So you always
kind
of chip
shots
even if you're
you don't have to just agree with them. It's kind of different from your work and you have your own say no you don't have your
say
just
probably if you say some bullshit just gonna like punish your like that. So I didn't say anything, I couldn't say no I want to say I didn't like obviously okay. And they were like oh I'm going to call your parents blah blah blah. My dad was over here but my mom was with me and everything like that. So they called my mom and my mom was kind of disappointed
and everything like that.
But I was like whatever other good fucks. We just kind of
weird though. Like. Like it was kind of weird. Like I'll do like go from the video game to pour like. Like the relationship
didn't really go well. It's like what what the fuck? How what's
I don't know. I never actually
talked
to anyone or anything like that. Probably. Probably probably saw me.
I was like a stubborn
dude
in
class. Like located dude over there. I hate them so much or something. I don't know. But I don't know. I don't know. It's
just weird
today.
So
right now it would be for six years, go to success now. 5, 6 years I think this is embargoed like six. Yeah, I mean it's pretty
much
different from my
imagination about
us is going to be because growing up, you know, I saw us, I was just like holy ground only nation, mini Evelyn kind of place. Then my first day I go, you're at the true new york and everything like that. And I was like, wow, this is new york boys,
this is
fucking awesome. Was snowing. I was cold as for hours and everyone that I was like, man, this
is cool. I'm a fucking
I first like chicken KFC chicken. I was like, yeah, this is good because over
there chicken is pretty, it's not like rare but
we like it is for
like
public, a big celebration or something
like that. Mostly it's always meat, fish are, the easier it is to say what kind of things together with her. But chicken, it's kind of like a big deal. So when I go ahead and I found out like, oh, chicken is everywhere
but chicken nuggets, chicken, everything
like what the focus is bullshit. So I was like, yeah, this is Evan bro. But as the week kept going on and on and no, no, I'm probably, this
is not, this is not the best was ever. I was like,
I
mean it's it's
fine.
yeah. So I was
like,
damn.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I came from new york then
I took a, yeah, I came from new york to Jakarta, which is pretty cool. It's pretty amazing.
say
they would be
in Chicago to like, I don't live downtown. All right, go downtown sometimes, but I don't live there. Just pretty much go there for fun, things like that. It's whatever to do. I mean since I've been here, I've pretty much just being always inside. I always
do anything.
I'm always
inside.
Just pretty much just chilling by myself. Boyd's whatever. That's what,
no.
Yeah, truly. That's, I feel like it's the same thing
with my mom,
what she calls me and she's like, hey are you reading? I'm like reading what? Like what? It's two p.m. It's two PM. You always really like to be like, no, I don't know like no, this is my fault. This is why I just a little really? But I've been a medical exam coming up or something like that, I don't think. Oh yes, I probably don't
understand
like what I
lands probably and I will probably read, but not like read every day. I'm not like, I'm not that kind of do, I even
be able to go
to the library,
but I don't like the library. I feel like you can probably just, I don't know why people go there. I mean if you have like a group project or something and go there, but I don't know, I pretty much just read
on
your own, your place. It's like, it's way better. But I mean that's just need to, uh, okay.
True That there's like a library sauce
and everything
online.
So why do you want to go there and look? It's kind of, I don't know, the people will go there. Well that's fine. Ship them to you to you. Right.
Yeah. But I'm going back home
built
on friday and saturday.
I'm
kind of excited for that to see my family because I don't really, I don't, I would go once as a method when like we have a bridge or something. But because when I love to come back
for
after thanksgiving their
tone
because of the corner cases going up and everything like that. So I might probably
just go
home.
No, the colleges, it depends on in college.
So most universities and colleges are like, nah, you just stay at
home.
They just switched online and
everything
like that. Because like after my glasses were online, I point and like in person, so like everything now is online
and they were like that. So there's like
no point
for you to like, you would
come
back
unless
you want to come back though.
Doesn't like real prisons by live off campus. I live on my own song. Uh My dad is like, just
come back
home. There's nothing
to do over here. So I'll probably just go yeah just come on the
Uh huh. Yeah that seems to my sister.
My sister
was like come back home. I'm like okay you just wanted me to be your slave or something because you ever like help me cook this, let me do that. Let me go by this. Let me go by that. I'm like okay. So
I'm probably sure that's
why.
And
she also
was
like
by like
camera or something like that. And I never knew
cameras
like always
expensive
to
like like real real expensive. Even
the old
ones. Yeah even the old ones like eight years old cameras like still like 300 bucks. I'm like what the fuck. Yeah.
I don't know.
It's not like
that either.
I
prefer
I prefer
like
painting
or
drawing before. Like painting, drawing. Cook him. Uh
Thanks. Uh
Well photography. I'm bad
at taking. I barely would take pictures so I barely
technology.
I'll face with because of my parents. I have Snapchat because of some friends and some people I talked to and I have like instagram just to take like what's going on with like spots and everything like that. And I have twitter as well just like what's going on around the world because I'd be able what's tv or news? Uh I see have to figure out
things are going around the water like that. I mean that's cool. Yeah.
Never.
I don't know. I mean I took my family.
That's it. That's all. So I think the time is kind of quite think,
I mean it's
fine.
Fine.
I don't
know. I think you don't read uh millions or so after. True.
I don't know. All right.
So
it was nice talking to you. I really appreciate the conversation and I never thought like that. So I'm not fully been nice as given christmas break and everything like that and I really can't go back to your family uh at some point ever tell you that.
Thanks
so much. Have a nice day and nice weekend. Okay.