Mhm, mm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yes. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm.
Are you
doing good,
Mhm.
Yeah.
Oh thank you. Yeah, it's going good. Um
Just uh they don't have quarantine and stuff. Mhm.
Are you in the U. S.
Marilyn, I'm in new york. Yes, I'm dealing with quarantine stuff. Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah, I was uh I graduated college at the start of the year so like right before everything got bad um And I was originally going to try to find a job in new york city and then the covid cases just like skyrocketed so it's been rough. Yeah.
Yeah. What do you do?
Yeah, I'm looking for, still looking for a job too.
how you been passing time with the quarantine?
Well vic, yeah. Have you done any uh
focus groups, this stuff?
Yeah, I managed to get uh one of them was about grocery shopping and another one was like a mock trial. But yeah, I definitely recommend like I had to sign up for a lot before I managed to get one, but they pay pretty well, it was like $300 for like two hours. Yeah.
Um One of the ones is focus groups dot org. Um There is one like Wilkins Research. Um Some of them I get on like craigslist, but obviously every time I tell somebody that they like you have to be careful because some there's like scams and stuff, you gotta watch out for us. Yeah.
Yeah.
Well I started out doing it now
is uh there's a lot of them are like online with Covid, so it's nice.
Yeah.
Uh
You mentioned uh doing cooking stuff over quarantine, You know, you did any baking
I don't do a lot, but
I know like it's gotten really popular. I've seen a lot of stuff
online of like baking during quarantine, so I got into making my own bread.
Um So apparently the secret is using a dutch of him because a normal
like kitchen oven um
the temperatures fluctuate a lot, so use a dutch oven that's like really thick inside the oven and it like evens out the temperature and apparently that makes the and more bread, like you don't end up with like a thick um like crumb. Uh But
other than that, it was just like flour water and uh east books. Yeah.
Black. Yeah.
That's another thing I see a lot of posts about like making banana bread for cardi.
I wonder what it is about like being at home that makes so many people want to. Big stuff. Yeah.
Mhm.
Hopefully things get better.
I actually have. I've got three guitar is uh one is the electric acoustic and I have an electric guitar and then I have an acoustic guitar. But I only actually got uh this one, the other two are from my brother and my mom who used to play but stuffed so they gave them to me. Yeah. It's fun. Nice way to pass time. Yeah.
Yeah. Do you do any music?
What do you do?
I know.
Is
there like
mhm. A specific type
of uh watch highlights?
Cool.
Uh huh.
It's good. Yeah. Imagine
would be hard to get like a gym and stuff if quarantine.
Uh I just do as a hobby. Um A self
taught from, I think I started in like fourth grade,
I'm doing it for a while. Um Yeah, I never tried to like, right my own music or anything just stick to as a hobby. Yeah.
Sleeps. Uh
Yeah.
Do you live with family?
Right. Uh Yeah, I'm at home with my parents and I have a older brother and younger sister. Yeah,
my sister is doing
online classes because of covid, so she's doing college stuff. I was quite sure I missed out
like just miss the the beginning of online stuff for college after I graduated.
I was lucky.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's tough. Yeah.
Yeah. Did you have any plans like vacation and stuff that you
got canceled
now?
I was finally, I'm trying to um
I wanted to do uh convention in
boston because
I went to college there uh is anime boston um
Like a convention but I got canceled
because of Covid and everything so
yeah hopefully by next year at this point like I don't even know like uh vaccine
or something. Yeah
maybe. Yeah.
Mhm.
I haven't watched a lot
recently. Um I've been following attack on titan popular one. Um
I haven't gotten any spoilers because uh it's based off of the manga, like the comic. Um
But waiting for that one to come out. Uh My Hero, Academia, Another one. I don't know if you've heard of it.
Earth
are you all caught
up in
like on the latest season?
Yeah, I like to but I I think I stopped on season two. Um and when they left off during the they're like in school like they graduate school and they're doing like training um but I never got around to finishing it. Uh How is uh the rest of the season
after
that? It's a good
soon
no.
Yeah it's a good show figure it really popular. Okay. Yeah.
Yeah right
now I'm not really watching much lawyer shows. Um
I've actually been trying to download a bunch of shows because my family has like netflix accounts and stuff but I've always found that those subscription services uh they never have like the show is that I want to watch, you know? Um
So I'm trying to like make a collection on my computer just like downloaded
like Adventure Time and stuff.
Are you watching anything?
nice.
Oh I think you liked, I don't know if you can still hear oh your computer is like in a bit.
No it's ok.
I never watched it but I really liked avatar so we watched everything. Yeah um the washer because of the uh No I got popular
again because the netflix got on netflix. Um Yeah I watched avatar
the last Airbender
like five times over. Yes. A
okay
yeah it's a good show. Mhm
please. So I don't know if I
asked you uh what do you go to college for?
Huh
I did a major and computer engineering and a minor in computer science. Uh I hear you say that it's funny that like uh the
way the world is right now like we both have college degrees miners double major and we're both struggling so it's
like an
it's crazy though like you we're doing everything that's expected to get a job and here we are so Yeah.
it's not like you can't just walk up to the company go through the door and ask them like demand a job things I've been dealing with so much. Uh Some of the jobs that I hear back from they that I advertise it as like you do training and then you get the job but in reality they don't have a job lined up for you. It's a training program where you don't have to pay for the training. You sign a contract
that says
once
you get a job they take a cut of your pay as like payment for the training. Yeah. And uh it could be any job anywhere in the U. S.
You have to take the first offer you get and if you cancel the contract you owe them like $15,000. It's
kinda
easy. Yeah it's like a scam but like people must be doing it because they exist so like that's just how bad things
have
gotten. Yeah.
Crazy.
Yeah it's crazy. Well yeah what are you even trying to get into child boys?
Um I'll tell you my brother was in a similar situation as you uh He was a physics major in college but he was interested in computer science and he ended
up
doing
full stack academy. Um Bush is a boot camp for development and he ended up getting a job. He uh he really
liked it and they help you with like the job search. Um
So yeah I recommend that if you are interested in C. S. Um because he didn't have like a degree you know but they didn't manage to get it. So
right now I've been going on linkedin and searching software engineer and then like applying for everything that I see um I'm keeping track and like a google sheets of everything that I've applied for and like have I heard back for a moment stuff and it's like 90% of the thumb,
you just never hear anything, you know, they don't even tell you like the jobs taken and stuff rough. Yeah.
Yeah.
the white
universities
there's stony brook
by me um they had a couple of jobs that I tried to apply to. Um
most of them seem to be in new york city uh so Mhm.
No, no, I definitely definitely take all suggestions welcome, it's like anything to they get something. Yeah.
Sure,
mm.
it's it's crazy how I hear the same story from uh like friends from college, I know people who have like are basically more qualified than I am for
software engineering positions that are having just
as much trouble. Um My girlfriend's struggling, it's like every everyone are in like a age group. Just Yeah.
Mhm.
I like
it a bit.
Who? Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. The other thing like just making connections um I think that was one of the things my brother liked about full stack academy um because
they had like connections to getting jobs and stuff. Um But that's something that I've always, it seems like computer people in general are never really, that's neither their strong
suit of like making connections, so that's rough.
fingers crossed though. Yeah.
Yeah, same to you. Mhm.
I think she's doing biology, I say I think
because
she was dealing with like medical issues with um Barton Ella, it's like a kind of Lyme disease. Um
So it's always been fortunate in a way that Covid happened because she can do classes online, so that's been good.
Yeah, it's one of the like silver linings
of uh Covid is like some of the positions that I am applying to like remote and stuff. So that would be nice.
I feel like the biggest issue of the biggest pain of like having a job is going to it, you know, commuting. Yeah.
Uh
as you guys say mentioned time, I don't
know.
I was just looking at my computer.
Mm.
thank you. Yeah. Mhm.
Have you done one of the conversations like one of prolific studies before with the conversations?
Yeah. So they allow repeats. So this one is my third.
Yeah, because the bay is nice. So
they give you like an option afterwards to to re sign up. Mm
Yeah, No problem.
Uh huh. All right.
I think we can just close out of everything. Uh
and then at the other survey, it says to like continue with the they're like written portion.
Yeah, It was nice
meeting you. Best
of
luck. Good
night. Thanks.