SPEAKER_R: Hey, can you hear?
SPEAKER_L: there we go.
SPEAKER_R: Can you hear me on it?
SPEAKER_L: I can Yes.
SPEAKER_R: Awesome. Well, I'm maddie. How's it going,
SPEAKER_L: It goes, I'm chris
SPEAKER_R: girls? It goes, have
SPEAKER_L: have you done this
SPEAKER_R: you?
SPEAKER_L: one of these before?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I did one last week and that was the first one I did so.
SPEAKER_L: Got you? It is about my third time doing it and half the time the other person doesn't show up, so I never know what to expect.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I know. I'm amazed. I got two for two people showing up. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: very
SPEAKER_R: I got an email like 30 minutes ago saying that I was starting today, so
SPEAKER_L: There you go.
SPEAKER_R: so surprised. But yeah, worked out.
SPEAKER_L: these are kind of wild, I'm not sure what they do with them, you know, like they don't tell you what to talk about, they just say have a conversation.
SPEAKER_R: no, I think that's the point. I think they want to see how we deal with it and what we talk about what topics we choose and all that, but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it might be some kind of machine learning, like maybe there's feeding all these into an A I don't know, who knows?
SPEAKER_R: I don't know either. But anyway. Yeah, Hausa, how's your day going?
SPEAKER_L: Pretty well. Um My wife and my stepdaughter and her friend are trying to figure out where to eat, we just went to us, I'm in the ST louis area, we just went to the sculpture park. Um My stepdaughter and her friend are visiting from Denver, I'm in ST louis, so we just went into that and it was incredibly humid, So they're looking for food.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's interesting. I'm very close to Denver where I'm at right now.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, which part?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in Fort Collins, so
SPEAKER_L: North. We moved, we moved here from there I guess, going on a year ago.
SPEAKER_R: You looked in fort Collins or jennifer?
SPEAKER_L: The Denver area actually, thornton, which is just south of Fort Collins. Um So it is different out here, it's a lot more humid, I forgot living in colorado what humidity was. So yeah, there
SPEAKER_R: you know what bugs are now? All right.
SPEAKER_L: I do, yeah. Well we went to, the four of us went to a park here because they're visiting and for some reason I didn't but within minutes they were completely bit up by mosquitoes. Uh And so we're like uh let's go back. I don't know why they don't I didn't get one bite and their legs are just like covered in them, so I don't know, maybe I I don't know what it is, but they didn't attack me.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's been pretty nice here except for grasshoppers, but yeah,
SPEAKER_L: it's um the Denver area. I'm originally from south texas and I moved to Denver in I guess about 2017. Um And I was there for about 2.5
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: years. Um So it's a pretty cool area. The mountains are nice. The you know, lack of humidity is nice but yeah ST louis is very different culturally weather wise. Everything else?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I believe it. I want to leave the state, but I love colorado so much and yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Everybody's
SPEAKER_R: I'm a little
SPEAKER_L: kind
SPEAKER_R: worried
SPEAKER_L: of torn.
SPEAKER_R: about, yeah, I'm a little concerned about culture shock honestly as well. It's kind of a bubble here.
SPEAKER_L: It is. It really is um That's true and it's you know the cost of living in Denver was one of the things that Was kind of tough because it's I had also lived in austin texas through the 2000s and in Denver and Austin are very comparable as far as the population growth. Um the cost of living going way up just everybody on the planet is moving there from California. Um And so it's cheaper than California in Denver, but it's still more expensive than way more expensive than it is here in ST louis.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I hate to say Austin is on my list of places to consider eventually because my girlfriend and I are both in tech and that seems to be like hope lately, but
SPEAKER_L: there's a will, there's a lot of tech in Austin, the, I worked at Apple for a while when I was there, so the second largest Apple campus in the world is in Austin Dell computers is based out of their am d a lot of startups and Austin supercool. It's like Denver with a lot more weirdos. Um But
SPEAKER_R: more weirdos. Huh,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, even way more weirdos. Um a
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: lot more food, but as far as cost of living and kind of just general vibe, it's real similar. Yeah. Yeah, definitely go visit. Um
SPEAKER_R: I'd love to do that when things are good. But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, when you can it is hotter and more humid than Denver. Um But really cool town. A lot of my long time friends are still there.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, like I love colorado, but the winters are a lot for me. So I kind of want to I want to move somewhere more moderate and less expensive because I think Fort Collins is just about as bad as Denver now and
SPEAKER_L: it is,
SPEAKER_R: there's there's not
SPEAKER_L: if not
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: more
SPEAKER_R: many
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: cities around here that I'd rather live in that are any cheaper.
SPEAKER_L: boulder is not, it's probably actually slightly more expensive.
SPEAKER_R: It is yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And uh there's a, a lot of places you could move that are smaller, but I think culturally are probably maybe comparable like um Asheville north Carolina and some of those kind of places, but I really like it here in ST louis, my wife's a librarian for the county, so that's why we moved out here and um the cost of living is way lower real estate and everything, but and my backgrounds in theater, so, and there's actually a fair amount of theater prior to Covid, there was a lot of theater going on here, but it's, you know, it's got elements of the south that aren't. So I grew up in the south and you know what I'm talking about, like there's bigotry and
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: stuff that historically has always been here, unfortunately. Um but I really like the town. It's I think it's got more culture than Denver as far as just lots of different um areas that are you know uh very diverse and not so much that we saw in the Denver port Collins area.
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: do you do for recreation around there? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: there's a lot, there's a lot of parks around here. Um I feel like I'm trying to sell ST louis but the
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: largest
SPEAKER_R: mean go
SPEAKER_L: city,
SPEAKER_R: for it so.
SPEAKER_L: the largest city park in America bigger than Central Park is here. The museums and the zoo are free. Um I mean it's got a lot of positive things about it. Um A lot of great food and so it's pretty cool and human.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I'd have to adjust to human. I kind of I feel like I'm the only person who likes the dry around here. I don't know
SPEAKER_L: Oh no I liked it a lot. Especially growing up in san Antonio where it was you know more human than it is here. Um That's one of the things I miss about colorado was the lack of humidity. Um
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: But and I went to grad school in lubbock, which is, there's no humidity out there in the middle of the desert of west texas. And so that that is definitely a selling point. So um but yeah, that's kind of, that's what we've been doing the day. We were hoping to do more like go to the zoo and stuff while they're in town, but it's so humid, we're just like, now we're going to stick around the house
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Too much. That's crazy that everything's all the public attractions are free.
SPEAKER_L: for the most part. Yeah, Yeah. Um But you know, every town's got its pluses and
SPEAKER_R: Come
SPEAKER_L: minuses,
SPEAKER_R: on.
SPEAKER_L: there's no perfect area and so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's true
SPEAKER_L: I definitely understand the wanting to move someplace cheaper and maybe more diverse or more cultural. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I'm curious how has Covid affected theater work?
SPEAKER_L: it's completely stopped. Um I was working for the Shakespeare company here. We were doing a production of taming of the Shrew, not my favorite Shakespeare play, but uh and we were halfway through, I was building the set and that's when the lockdown happened here and was at March. And pretty much I have friends who do theater in Milwaukee and in Austin and they've pretty much there's there's nothing going to be happening through the rest of the year from that regard. So everybody's trying to get creative some of the theaters in Austin that I know about. We're doing, they had filmed versions of some of their prior productions and so their, which is definitely not the same, but showing those on Youtube for donations and just everybody's scrapping by. But there's pretty much no theater work unless you work at the university for the rest of the year and I'm sure that's true for musicians and a lot of that kind of thing.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I would have thought maybe you'd be more safe with set work but I mean you can only do that so far ahead of time so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, and around the same time, my wife and I were looking to open a coffee shop like at the beginning of the year where we are in the county, there's, you can go five miles in any direction and there's not even like a Starbucks sort of like really? Yeah, it's weird. We're going to open a coffee shop in kind of a community meeting area with books and stuff, you know, kind of hippie stuff, but and we had to put that plan on the back burner or the no burner because this is a horrible time to be opening kind of a community meeting center. And
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: so are we just trying to like, what do we do next?
SPEAKER_R: you know I mean it would be a rough time to start it but at least in Fort Collins like everyone is extending their patios like into the parking lots so they're like you know they got very large patios and I think that be mostly doable with the coffee shop but you'd have
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: to,
SPEAKER_L: might be, yeah. And people are getting creative going back to live theater. I know some folks have looked into doing like drive in theater style, live theater or you know, very small audiences that are spaced out and but you know, who knows what it's gonna look like, It's crazy.
SPEAKER_R: I haven't been to any theater in a long time. Probably won't for a long time
SPEAKER_L: Hey.
SPEAKER_R: as things are but
SPEAKER_L: it's unfortunately sometimes it seems like it's a luxury like a lot of life theater, you know in the past was very agitprop and with social movements and everything that went along with it, but it costs money and you have to go do it, you have to pay for parking and if you want to go get dinner beforehand, it turns out to be pretty pricey and not everybody thinks of it as a as an option for entertainment, no matter what it is.
SPEAKER_R: I honestly don't know if it's an option around Fort Collins absolutely in Denver but the few times I've gone in Denver it did not seem very affordable.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, and there's not a whole lot of it. Um before we moved here, I was looking to doing some live theater with the city of thornton who was very interested in expanding arts in the area of of the thornton area. Um I was going to do a Shakespeare in the skate park because they have to public skate parks um there, but we ended up moving before they got off the ground. I thought that would have been fun.
SPEAKER_R: in a skate park how does that work?
SPEAKER_L: Well if you ever been to a skate park, there's a kind of set up like an amphitheater, a lot of them inadvertently. Um So I was going to try to get creative and you know, maybe do like a summer teen program where we did from you and Juliette or something and with use the ramps with bicycles or something as much as we could. But yeah, it's, I was really surprised when I moved to the Denver area because there is some theater there, especially downtown, there's like big corporate live theater in operas.
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: But I found it I've done theater my whole life, I have an M. F. A. In directing and I was really stumped. I contacted everybody in the Denver area who could find who did any kind of theater and it was very insular and very um sparse. I was surprised there's a place called El Teatro, which is uh they do a lot of latino theater down there. Um they seem pretty open to doing stuff, but there wasn't as much as I would have expected in Denver.
SPEAKER_R: Huh I'll have to keep my eye out. It's not something I've ever paid much attention to, honestly, but
SPEAKER_L: Uh it's of a certain type of audience, but I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: I mean I used to do like set work back in middle school. There's a lot of fun then I imagine it's a little bit different once it's a career, but that's always fun.
SPEAKER_L: well it's honestly, I've done a lot of different arts over the years and I think the most rewarding was scenery design because it's, it's almost like sculpture, whatever you come up with out of your head, like one day you go in and the whole scenery crews built it and all the walls are up and the trees are up and everything and it's like, wow, this just came out of my brain, It's a wild experience,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Sounds like
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: it. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, So what kind of stuff you all do?
SPEAKER_R: Well um I'm in a weird life situation. I was going to school and I mean everyone is right now, but yeah, I'm going to school for computer science and started having just serious pains in my ankles and it got bad enough, I couldn't walk anymore and then so I went to school in a wheelchair for a year and I started having risk problems and I couldn't type anymore so I had to stop and it's gotten a lot better. Um I'd say two years ago, like I couldn't hold a pencil or spoon and
SPEAKER_L: my gosh.
SPEAKER_R: obviously I'm using a computer um don't have to use voice control anymore, which is the worst, it is not accurate, so.
SPEAKER_L: it's not I when I worked at Apple, I was on the team, among others that did assistive technology, so I
SPEAKER_R: Today.
SPEAKER_L: would get calls for people mainly for iphones, but also Mac computers who wanted to use. Yeah, like text to speech or if they, I'm sure you're familiar with control devices, like a button and you can click around through. It's not convenient, but it is doable and I would help them with that, so not
SPEAKER_R: I've
SPEAKER_L: fun, but
SPEAKER_R: it's not fun. I've been through, I've tried several different assistive devices and none worked very well for my situation just because arms and legs, but anyway, yeah, so that's gotten better and I'm slowly getting used to using a computer again, kind of conditioning my body to just get stronger and we're used to it. So yeah, this is kind of what I'm doing nowadays, just some prolific work and whatever
SPEAKER_L: Same,
SPEAKER_R: I can do. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: same here. Um, I've always, I don't know, I've been a little bit freelance, like most of what I do is just project based and with the shutdown, pretty much this and some other studies and stuff, I've been doing plasma. Uh Donating plasma
SPEAKER_R: I've actually
SPEAKER_L: every couple.
SPEAKER_R: thought
SPEAKER_L: It is,
SPEAKER_R: about doing that too
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I definitely, I don't know if there's a place in Fort Collins, but there was some
SPEAKER_R: this.
SPEAKER_L: important, there's a CSL plasma and you can get Starting out, it's like $70 I think per donation uh takes about an hour. Um and then after you've done four or five, it kind of drops to like 30, each time, but you can do it twice a week and it's money, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I will actually consider that more, I kind of forgot that was an option, like it's hard for me to get around, so I kind of only have people visiting on the weekend so I have to see if they're actually open on weekends. But
SPEAKER_L: I think so, I think they might be open Saturdays anyway, something to do, but so many people like as I'm sure, you know, there's like just millions of people who are unemployed and so this kind of work just for residual income until something else comes along is pretty popular. Are necessary.
SPEAKER_R: some of my roommates were doing restaurant work and of course those got closed up so they were doing or so called doordash and grab hook which they are doing very well right now. Honestly,
SPEAKER_L: They are.
SPEAKER_R: if that's an option that you would consider and
SPEAKER_L: Maybe
SPEAKER_R: say it's
SPEAKER_L: so.
SPEAKER_R: more pleasant than donating plasma, I think well it depends,
SPEAKER_L: Probably. So
SPEAKER_R: depends, but yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah my step daughter who's here, she actually just started that she's studying nursing and was working at I guess kind of an assisted living facility taking people around to field trips and you know shopping and stuff but they had to furlough and then lay off the people who were there. So she's been long story short as you can tell, I can tell a long winded story. Um But is doing I think Door dash now. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: old
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: pretty
SPEAKER_R: she if
SPEAKER_L: Andy
SPEAKER_R: you don't mind me
SPEAKER_L: 19.
SPEAKER_R: asking, 19 radio? Yeah, that's a
SPEAKER_L: So.
SPEAKER_R: bad time to be trying to get everything going right now.
SPEAKER_L: I know and luckily she's got a lot better idea of what the world is like than I did at that age. You know I still don't know that I have a good idea of what it is at 46 but whatever
SPEAKER_R: no, you seem you seem to have something to figure out pretty well.
SPEAKER_L: I well I don't know sometimes I wonder it's one of those the more I figure out about the world, the more I realize they don't know anything. Um So I thought I knew it all at about her age and I don't I don't know half of anything that goes on. So it's
SPEAKER_R: in
SPEAKER_L: weird.
SPEAKER_R: America I think a lot of us in that way. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it's not to get into politics thing but it's scary like we're as you know like just the last few years have been like do we need to find other countries to live in and you know it's I'm really
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: definitely worried about it. Um
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: am as well.
SPEAKER_L: the process of where things are headed is really terrifying to me. Uh
SPEAKER_R: to me too, I think they probably think along the same thing, but I've been entertaining myself with looking into like Scandinavian countries like Finland. That sounds, that sounds so nice. Who knows if they're actually what we imagine they are but
SPEAKER_L: Well there's a I saw an index of Every country in the world as far from the like most democratic to the least democratic and the US. was about like 28/29 on the list and it was considered a flawed democracy. And you're right at the top of that list is like Finland and and a lot of eastern and northern European countries um not eastern but northern European countries. Um But even some of like some central american companies countries are looking more uh positive or I mean there's always Canada. Um I think the problem is when my wife and I looked into it, the countries like Finland and Norway and some of those have because they're tiny, they have very strict limits on immigrants,
SPEAKER_R: they do,
SPEAKER_L: especially
SPEAKER_R: they do,
SPEAKER_L: from the US right now. So and then um
SPEAKER_R: The good thing is that they are pretty needy for tech workers, so the aspect
SPEAKER_L: they are.
SPEAKER_R: would be taken care of um I don't know about the rest, but especially for me and healthcare, healthcare and uh I don't know about colorado but it's just it's like I have asthma and I have a peanut allergy so I get to buy those $600 epipens which I've never had to use one, but you know if I need one,
SPEAKER_L: when you
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: do.
SPEAKER_R: have to have it there, so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: and that's what's so strange and frustrating about like when I lived in colorado I was on the colorado Medicaid which for what I needed um was pretty good. Like I felt like what I got for care. I had to go to the emergency room one time with a sprained ankle and I walked out with not going up any and um got to see the doctor and get prescription everything. So it may not be ideal especially if you have some specific ailments that are kind of persistent and chronic but for what I needed it was really good. But here in Missouri like they haven't even expanded the affordable care act to include Medicaid. So I've tried every which way possible to qualify for it here and haven't been able to.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I have tried a couple of years ago and I don't know if things have changed, but back then you have to have less than $2,000 to your name to qualify.
SPEAKER_L: No problem there for
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: me.
SPEAKER_R: I'm lucky slash unlucky enough um Right after my health issues or Yeah, you're all frozen. I'm not sure if my internet is crapping out. Mhm. Mhm. Are you there? Can you hear me now or see me moving? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Turn it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Okay jokes. Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Computer
SPEAKER_R: Oh okay. No problem.
SPEAKER_L: my bed.
SPEAKER_R: Everything good now. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah we're good. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: But anyway, so like a month after I started using a wheelchair, my dad passed away and so it took a long time, but I inherited a house and not very much cash, like not enough to live on long term. So I have savings that I'm living off of, you know that I used to eat and just survive every day so I have enough savings that I can't qualify for Medicaid so I just have to run that dry until I can qualify.
SPEAKER_L: that's the that's one of the real crux is of it unfortunately is that the stipulations are that way and it's scary living off of so it's good to have savings but when you're burning through that you know it's going to end at some point and that's very stressful.
SPEAKER_R: So that's how I send lucky and unlucky because a lot of people's you know parents will die and leave them nothing. So I'm lucky that he had things to give in that respect. But.
SPEAKER_L: But still, you know there's there's a cost to all of that for you, you know? Which sucks. Huh?
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: So what can you say you're in the tech industry? What kind of work do you do?
SPEAKER_R: um well right now I'm not able to do anything. Um
SPEAKER_L: Right. I mean
SPEAKER_R: But yeah. Software
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: software
SPEAKER_L: you're kind
SPEAKER_R: development.
SPEAKER_L: of working towards, okay,
SPEAKER_R: So.
SPEAKER_L: this is my brother does that out in California. He's a he's actually uh he was doing python development believe it or not. People get I know it's like a basic language that everybody learns with but he was doing that for Apple and I think they moved him up but he's a he's a software developer too,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'm actually I've been taking this time to learn python which is kind of backwards because I've learned some other, I don't know if you're familiar with any languages like C. Yeah. C Plus plus was one of the main ones I used and it's it's
SPEAKER_L: That's a classic.
SPEAKER_R: more involved so now I'm going backwards and trying to figure out how to kind of dumb down my brain and not take those extra steps with python so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah because from what I understand, python is very versatile but pretty basic and C plus plus is like super complicated and has a lot of it's a lot more, I don't know what the word is. Maybe complicated
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: is the
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: word.
SPEAKER_R: don't I would maybe call it like shorthand like it it just
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: leaves
SPEAKER_L: a good way of putting it.
SPEAKER_R: leaves things out, not sure how to explain it but it automates things that normally I would be doing and C. Plus plus. So it's confusing.
SPEAKER_L: You can use shortcuts to a degree.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's confusing for me to think about it backwards that way but I'm happy, I'm really happy this is the first time I've been able to code in four years so it's nice to be able to start doing that. Getting familiar and remembering everything. It's scary how much you forget in that short of time.
SPEAKER_L: No it's understandable. Um I've
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: been there like just things that I know that I used to know aren't there anymore um because
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know if time passes, but I've tried learning, developing a ton of times, like starting with python and I tried learning PHP and my sequel and and all of that and I don't know why just my brain doesn't, I'm too abstract or something in the way I think. And I can't like I do some web work, so html and CSS which aren't coding but they're not really development or programming. Um Those make sense to me, but that's about the extent and after I just don't think that way.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I feel opposite. Like I can understand the detailed of
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: like the syntax of coding but the abstract thought is where I fail, like that's just not the way
SPEAKER_L: hm.
SPEAKER_R: my brain works and I don't have a very creative brain. So I was considering learning um like html and CSS just to build websites but oh my gosh, I cannot design a pretty thing to save my life so I don't think anyone would want me to make their website for them. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well luckily, I mean you sound like my brother, my brothers that way, he's a very mathematical analytical development kind of person and and I think everybody has their creative side, you know, he definitely has an artistic side, but I'm like the we're like yin yang, he's the the concrete thinker and I'm like the abstract thinker and so the world needs all kinds of those people. But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that is
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: true,
SPEAKER_L: is strange to realize that
SPEAKER_R: that is true. Yeah. It's odd working on projects like that and other people just see it completely differently and I can't comprehend how they do it or how they figure that out.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's super valuable, like I've worked with development teams before who do the back in the database management and the coding and the scripting and everything and you can look at a website and you can tell if it was put together by a developer or put together by a designer because one of those two things is they both are
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: absolutely
SPEAKER_R: is true.
SPEAKER_L: symbiotic and need each other. So yeah, I couldn't, there's been times when I've developed a website or something and I just I'll go online and hired a developer because I'm like I don't even know where to begin with this if I need a the database queries or something done like I don't even know.
SPEAKER_R: No databases, it's hard, I can't do database, it's too mathematical for me.
SPEAKER_L: And it gets really out of hand, especially like relational databases, I don't know how anybody keeps up with that, but people can do it.
SPEAKER_R: When it's like nested and nested and nested. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Exactly not not how I think, but yeah, I don't and uh luckily that's you know, software development is something that you can do remotely anywhere, so if you depending on who you worked for, if you wanted to move out of the Denver area because it's expensive or just not the culture that you want, you can kind of um more so than ever find work, freelance work or project based work or permanent work that's um to your needs wherever.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. And that's it's not like I chose computer science just for like the luxury of it or ease or anything but that is one of the nice things about it is I feel like it will be in demand for a long time and it is very flexible. Um
SPEAKER_L: definitely.
SPEAKER_R: I don't think I'd be able to do like contract worker remote work on my own for a few years. I think I'd have to get more comfortable
SPEAKER_L: There could be,
SPEAKER_R: with it and it depends. But yeah it's more flexible so I appreciate that
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Which is which is a plus. But anyways, you know, one of the things I forgot to do at the beginning was set a timer, so I
SPEAKER_R: doc.
SPEAKER_L: don't really know how long this has been going
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: on
SPEAKER_R: think we started right about it to let me actually look at that
SPEAKER_L: probably.
SPEAKER_R: tab.
SPEAKER_L: So normally I didn't bring my phone up here and I'll just set a stopwatch, so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah well I think it's been about 25 minutes but
SPEAKER_L: okay I'll go with that. But it's great talking to you. I hope the
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: rest
SPEAKER_R: as
SPEAKER_L: of your
SPEAKER_R: well.
SPEAKER_L: week goes well and and um keep doing those prolific. So I'm probably the more these come up the more I'll end up doing it just because I'm obviously I can chat up anybody and I like talking to folks. So good luck out there in Fort Collins.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well good luck in the Missouri also and appreciate
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: it and I hope you guys do something fun today and don't get bitten too much.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I need to go to go where they decided to eat. That's
SPEAKER_R: might be gone
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: by
SPEAKER_L: big
SPEAKER_R: now.
SPEAKER_L: conundrum. Maybe. I don't know. All right, take care.
SPEAKER_R: you too. But