Hey, can you hear?
Can you hear me on it?
Awesome. Well, I'm maddie. How's it going,
girls? It goes, have
you?
Yeah, I did one last week and that was the first one I did so.
Yeah, I know. I'm amazed. I got two for two people showing up. Yeah,
I got an email like 30 minutes ago saying that I was starting today, so
so surprised. But yeah, worked out.
no, I think that's the point. I think they want to see how we deal with it and what we talk about what topics we choose and all that, but
I don't know either. But anyway. Yeah, Hausa, how's your day going?
Yeah, that's interesting. I'm very close to Denver where I'm at right now.
I'm in Fort Collins, so
You looked in fort Collins or jennifer?
you know what bugs are now? All right.
Yeah, it's been pretty nice here except for grasshoppers, but yeah,
and
Yeah, I believe it. I want to leave the state, but I love colorado so much and yeah,
I'm a little
worried
about, yeah, I'm a little concerned about culture shock honestly as well. It's kind of a bubble here.
Yeah. I hate to say Austin is on my list of places to consider eventually because my girlfriend and I are both in tech and that seems to be like hope lately, but
more weirdos. Huh,
Yeah.
I'd love to do that when things are good. But
yeah, like I love colorado, but the winters are a lot for me. So I kind of want to I want to move somewhere more moderate and less expensive because I think Fort Collins is just about as bad as Denver now and
there's there's not
that
many
cities around here that I'd rather live in that are any cheaper.
It is yeah
Thanks.
What
do you do for recreation around there? Mhm.
I
mean go
for it so.
Yeah I'd have to adjust to human. I kind of I feel like I'm the only person who likes the dry around here. I don't know
Okay.
Yeah. Too much. That's crazy that everything's all the public attractions are free.
Come
on.
Yeah that's true
I'm curious how has Covid affected theater work?
Yeah I would have thought maybe you'd be more safe with set work but I mean you can only do that so far ahead of time so.
this
you know I mean it would be a rough time to start it but at least in Fort Collins like everyone is extending their patios like into the parking lots so they're like you know they got very large patios and I think that be mostly doable with the coffee shop but you'd have
to,
I haven't been to any theater in a long time. Probably won't for a long time
as things are but
I honestly don't know if it's an option around Fort Collins absolutely in Denver but the few times I've gone in Denver it did not seem very affordable.
in a skate park how does that work?
I mean
Huh I'll have to keep my eye out. It's not something I've ever paid much attention to, honestly, but
I mean I used to do like set work back in middle school. There's a lot of fun then I imagine it's a little bit different once it's a career, but that's always fun.
Yeah. Sounds like
it. Uh huh.
Well um I'm in a weird life situation. I was going to school and I mean everyone is right now, but yeah, I'm going to school for computer science and started having just serious pains in my ankles and it got bad enough, I couldn't walk anymore and then so I went to school in a wheelchair for a year and I started having risk problems and I couldn't type anymore so I had to stop and it's gotten a lot better. Um I'd say two years ago, like I couldn't hold a pencil or spoon and
obviously I'm using a computer um don't have to use voice control anymore, which is the worst, it is not accurate, so.
Today.
I've
it's not fun. I've been through, I've tried several different assistive devices and none worked very well for my situation just because arms and legs, but anyway, yeah, so that's gotten better and I'm slowly getting used to using a computer again, kind of conditioning my body to just get stronger and we're used to it. So yeah, this is kind of what I'm doing nowadays, just some prolific work and whatever
I can do. Yeah.
I've actually
thought
about doing that too
this.
Yeah, I will actually consider that more, I kind of forgot that was an option, like it's hard for me to get around, so I kind of only have people visiting on the weekend so I have to see if they're actually open on weekends. But
some of my roommates were doing restaurant work and of course those got closed up so they were doing or so called doordash and grab hook which they are doing very well right now. Honestly,
if that's an option that you would consider and
say it's
more pleasant than donating plasma, I think well it depends,
depends, but yeah.
old
is
she if
you don't mind me
asking, 19 radio? Yeah, that's a
bad time to be trying to get everything going right now.
no, you seem you seem to have something to figure out pretty well.
in
America I think a lot of us in that way. Yeah.
So
I
am as well.
to me too, I think they probably think along the same thing, but I've been entertaining myself with looking into like Scandinavian countries like Finland. That sounds, that sounds so nice. Who knows if they're actually what we imagine they are but
they do,
they do,
The good thing is that they are pretty needy for tech workers, so the aspect
would be taken care of um I don't know about the rest, but especially for me and healthcare, healthcare and uh I don't know about colorado but it's just it's like I have asthma and I have a peanut allergy so I get to buy those $600 epipens which I've never had to use one, but you know if I need one,
I
have to have it there, so. Yeah.
Yeah. I have tried a couple of years ago and I don't know if things have changed, but back then you have to have less than $2,000 to your name to qualify.
Like
I'm lucky slash unlucky enough um Right after my health issues or Yeah, you're all frozen. I'm not sure if my internet is crapping out. Mhm. Mhm. Are you there? Can you hear me now or see me moving? Mhm.
Yeah. Okay jokes. Yeah. Okay.
Oh okay. No problem.
Everything good now. Yeah.
But anyway, so like a month after I started using a wheelchair, my dad passed away and so it took a long time, but I inherited a house and not very much cash, like not enough to live on long term. So I have savings that I'm living off of, you know that I used to eat and just survive every day so I have enough savings that I can't qualify for Medicaid so I just have to run that dry until I can qualify.
So that's how I send lucky and unlucky because a lot of people's you know parents will die and leave them nothing. So I'm lucky that he had things to give in that respect. But.
But
um well right now I'm not able to do anything. Um
But yeah. Software
software
development.
So.
Yeah. I'm actually I've been taking this time to learn python which is kind of backwards because I've learned some other, I don't know if you're familiar with any languages like C. Yeah. C Plus plus was one of the main ones I used and it's it's
more involved so now I'm going backwards and trying to figure out how to kind of dumb down my brain and not take those extra steps with python so.
it's
I
don't I would maybe call it like shorthand like it it just
leaves
leaves things out, not sure how to explain it but it automates things that normally I would be doing and C. Plus plus. So it's confusing.
Yeah it's confusing for me to think about it backwards that way but I'm happy, I'm really happy this is the first time I've been able to code in four years so it's nice to be able to start doing that. Getting familiar and remembering everything. It's scary how much you forget in that short of time.
No.
Right.
Yeah. I feel opposite. Like I can understand the detailed of
like the syntax of coding but the abstract thought is where I fail, like that's just not the way
my brain works and I don't have a very creative brain. So I was considering learning um like html and CSS just to build websites but oh my gosh, I cannot design a pretty thing to save my life so I don't think anyone would want me to make their website for them. Yeah.
Yeah, that is
true,
that is true. Yeah. It's odd working on projects like that and other people just see it completely differently and I can't comprehend how they do it or how they figure that out.
That
is true.
No databases, it's hard, I can't do database, it's too mathematical for me.
When it's like nested and nested and nested. Yeah.
Mhm. And that's it's not like I chose computer science just for like the luxury of it or ease or anything but that is one of the nice things about it is I feel like it will be in demand for a long time and it is very flexible. Um
I don't think I'd be able to do like contract worker remote work on my own for a few years. I think I'd have to get more comfortable
with it and it depends. But yeah it's more flexible so I appreciate that
doc.
I
think we started right about it to let me actually look at that
tab.
Yeah well I think it's been about 25 minutes but
You
as
well.
Yeah. Well good luck in the Missouri also and appreciate
it and I hope you guys do something fun today and don't get bitten too much.
might be gone
by
now.
you too. But