there we go.
I can Yes.
It goes, I'm chris
have you done this
one of these before?
Got you? It is about my third time doing it and half the time the other person doesn't show up, so I never know what to expect.
very
There you go.
these are kind of wild, I'm not sure what they do with them, you know, like they don't tell you what to talk about, they just say have a conversation.
Yeah, it might be some kind of machine learning, like maybe there's feeding all these into an A I don't know, who knows?
Pretty well. Um My wife and my stepdaughter and her friend are trying to figure out where to eat, we just went to us, I'm in the ST louis area, we just went to the sculpture park. Um My stepdaughter and her friend are visiting from Denver, I'm in ST louis, so we just went into that and it was incredibly humid, So they're looking for food.
Oh yeah, which part?
North. We moved, we moved here from there I guess, going on a year ago.
The Denver area actually, thornton, which is just south of Fort Collins. Um So it is different out here, it's a lot more humid, I forgot living in colorado what humidity was. So yeah, there
I do, yeah. Well we went to, the four of us went to a park here because they're visiting and for some reason I didn't but within minutes they were completely bit up by mosquitoes. Uh And so we're like uh let's go back. I don't know why they don't I didn't get one bite and their legs are just like covered in them, so I don't know, maybe I I don't know what it is, but they didn't attack me.
it's um the Denver area. I'm originally from south texas and I moved to Denver in I guess about 2017. Um And I was there for about 2.5
years. Um So it's a pretty cool area. The mountains are nice. The you know, lack of humidity is nice but yeah ST louis is very different culturally weather wise. Everything else?
Everybody's
kind
of torn.
It is. It really is um That's true and it's you know the cost of living in Denver was one of the things that Was kind of tough because it's I had also lived in austin texas through the 2000s and in Denver and Austin are very comparable as far as the population growth. Um the cost of living going way up just everybody on the planet is moving there from California. Um And so it's cheaper than California in Denver, but it's still more expensive than way more expensive than it is here in ST louis.
there's a will, there's a lot of tech in Austin, the, I worked at Apple for a while when I was there, so the second largest Apple campus in the world is in Austin Dell computers is based out of their am d a lot of startups and Austin supercool. It's like Denver with a lot more weirdos. Um But
yeah, even way more weirdos. Um a
lot more food, but as far as cost of living and kind of just general vibe, it's real similar. Yeah. Yeah, definitely go visit. Um
Yeah, when you can it is hotter and more humid than Denver. Um But really cool town. A lot of my long time friends are still there.
it is,
if not
more
so
boulder is not, it's probably actually slightly more expensive.
Yeah. And uh there's a, a lot of places you could move that are smaller, but I think culturally are probably maybe comparable like um Asheville north Carolina and some of those kind of places, but I really like it here in ST louis, my wife's a librarian for the county, so that's why we moved out here and um the cost of living is way lower real estate and everything, but and my backgrounds in theater, so, and there's actually a fair amount of theater prior to Covid, there was a lot of theater going on here, but it's, you know, it's got elements of the south that aren't. So I grew up in the south and you know what I'm talking about, like there's bigotry and
stuff that historically has always been here, unfortunately. Um but I really like the town. It's I think it's got more culture than Denver as far as just lots of different um areas that are you know uh very diverse and not so much that we saw in the Denver port Collins area.
But
there's a lot, there's a lot of parks around here. Um I feel like I'm trying to sell ST louis but the
largest
city,
the largest city park in America bigger than Central Park is here. The museums and the zoo are free. Um I mean it's got a lot of positive things about it. Um A lot of great food and so it's pretty cool and human.
Oh no I liked it a lot. Especially growing up in san Antonio where it was you know more human than it is here. Um That's one of the things I miss about colorado was the lack of humidity. Um
But and I went to grad school in lubbock, which is, there's no humidity out there in the middle of the desert of west texas. And so that that is definitely a selling point. So um but yeah, that's kind of, that's what we've been doing the day. We were hoping to do more like go to the zoo and stuff while they're in town, but it's so humid, we're just like, now we're going to stick around the house
for the most part. Yeah, Yeah. Um But you know, every town's got its pluses and
minuses,
there's no perfect area and so
I definitely understand the wanting to move someplace cheaper and maybe more diverse or more cultural. Yeah,
it's completely stopped. Um I was working for the Shakespeare company here. We were doing a production of taming of the Shrew, not my favorite Shakespeare play, but uh and we were halfway through, I was building the set and that's when the lockdown happened here and was at March. And pretty much I have friends who do theater in Milwaukee and in Austin and they've pretty much there's there's nothing going to be happening through the rest of the year from that regard. So everybody's trying to get creative some of the theaters in Austin that I know about. We're doing, they had filmed versions of some of their prior productions and so their, which is definitely not the same, but showing those on Youtube for donations and just everybody's scrapping by. But there's pretty much no theater work unless you work at the university for the rest of the year and I'm sure that's true for musicians and a lot of that kind of thing.
Yeah, and around the same time, my wife and I were looking to open a coffee shop like at the beginning of the year where we are in the county, there's, you can go five miles in any direction and there's not even like a Starbucks sort of like really? Yeah, it's weird. We're going to open a coffee shop in kind of a community meeting area with books and stuff, you know, kind of hippie stuff, but and we had to put that plan on the back burner or the no burner because this is a horrible time to be opening kind of a community meeting center. And
so are we just trying to like, what do we do next?
It
might be, yeah. And people are getting creative going back to live theater. I know some folks have looked into doing like drive in theater style, live theater or you know, very small audiences that are spaced out and but you know, who knows what it's gonna look like, It's crazy.
Hey.
it's unfortunately sometimes it seems like it's a luxury like a lot of life theater, you know in the past was very agitprop and with social movements and everything that went along with it, but it costs money and you have to go do it, you have to pay for parking and if you want to go get dinner beforehand, it turns out to be pretty pricey and not everybody thinks of it as a as an option for entertainment, no matter what it is.
Yeah, and there's not a whole lot of it. Um before we moved here, I was looking to doing some live theater with the city of thornton who was very interested in expanding arts in the area of of the thornton area. Um I was going to do a Shakespeare in the skate park because they have to public skate parks um there, but we ended up moving before they got off the ground. I thought that would have been fun.
Well if you ever been to a skate park, there's a kind of set up like an amphitheater, a lot of them inadvertently. Um So I was going to try to get creative and you know, maybe do like a summer teen program where we did from you and Juliette or something and with use the ramps with bicycles or something as much as we could. But yeah, it's, I was really surprised when I moved to the Denver area because there is some theater there, especially downtown, there's like big corporate live theater in operas.
But I found it I've done theater my whole life, I have an M. F. A. In directing and I was really stumped. I contacted everybody in the Denver area who could find who did any kind of theater and it was very insular and very um sparse. I was surprised there's a place called El Teatro, which is uh they do a lot of latino theater down there. Um they seem pretty open to doing stuff, but there wasn't as much as I would have expected in Denver.
Uh it's of a certain type of audience, but I don't know.
well it's honestly, I've done a lot of different arts over the years and I think the most rewarding was scenery design because it's, it's almost like sculpture, whatever you come up with out of your head, like one day you go in and the whole scenery crews built it and all the walls are up and the trees are up and everything and it's like, wow, this just came out of my brain, It's a wild experience,
but
yeah, So what kind of stuff you all do?
my gosh.
it's not I when I worked at Apple, I was on the team, among others that did assistive technology, so I
would get calls for people mainly for iphones, but also Mac computers who wanted to use. Yeah, like text to speech or if they, I'm sure you're familiar with control devices, like a button and you can click around through. It's not convenient, but it is doable and I would help them with that, so not
fun, but
Same,
same here. Um, I've always, I don't know, I've been a little bit freelance, like most of what I do is just project based and with the shutdown, pretty much this and some other studies and stuff, I've been doing plasma. Uh Donating plasma
every couple.
It is,
yeah, I definitely, I don't know if there's a place in Fort Collins, but there was some
important, there's a CSL plasma and you can get Starting out, it's like $70 I think per donation uh takes about an hour. Um and then after you've done four or five, it kind of drops to like 30, each time, but you can do it twice a week and it's money, you know?
I think so, I think they might be open Saturdays anyway, something to do, but so many people like as I'm sure, you know, there's like just millions of people who are unemployed and so this kind of work just for residual income until something else comes along is pretty popular. Are necessary.
They are.
Maybe
so.
Probably. So
yeah my step daughter who's here, she actually just started that she's studying nursing and was working at I guess kind of an assisted living facility taking people around to field trips and you know shopping and stuff but they had to furlough and then lay off the people who were there. So she's been long story short as you can tell, I can tell a long winded story. Um But is doing I think Door dash now. Yeah,
it's
pretty
Andy
19.
So.
I know and luckily she's got a lot better idea of what the world is like than I did at that age. You know I still don't know that I have a good idea of what it is at 46 but whatever
I well I don't know sometimes I wonder it's one of those the more I figure out about the world, the more I realize they don't know anything. Um So I thought I knew it all at about her age and I don't I don't know half of anything that goes on. So it's
weird.
it's not to get into politics thing but it's scary like we're as you know like just the last few years have been like do we need to find other countries to live in and you know it's I'm really
definitely worried about it. Um
And
the process of where things are headed is really terrifying to me. Uh
Well there's a I saw an index of Every country in the world as far from the like most democratic to the least democratic and the US. was about like 28/29 on the list and it was considered a flawed democracy. And you're right at the top of that list is like Finland and and a lot of eastern and northern European countries um not eastern but northern European countries. Um But even some of like some central american companies countries are looking more uh positive or I mean there's always Canada. Um I think the problem is when my wife and I looked into it, the countries like Finland and Norway and some of those have because they're tiny, they have very strict limits on immigrants,
especially
from the US right now. So and then um
they are.
when you
do.
and that's what's so strange and frustrating about like when I lived in colorado I was on the colorado Medicaid which for what I needed um was pretty good. Like I felt like what I got for care. I had to go to the emergency room one time with a sprained ankle and I walked out with not going up any and um got to see the doctor and get prescription everything. So it may not be ideal especially if you have some specific ailments that are kind of persistent and chronic but for what I needed it was really good. But here in Missouri like they haven't even expanded the affordable care act to include Medicaid. So I've tried every which way possible to qualify for it here and haven't been able to.
No problem there for
me.
Turn it.
Computer
my bed.
Yeah we're good. Okay.
that's the that's one of the real crux is of it unfortunately is that the stipulations are that way and it's scary living off of so it's good to have savings but when you're burning through that you know it's going to end at some point and that's very stressful.
But still, you know there's there's a cost to all of that for you, you know? Which sucks. Huh?
So what can you say you're in the tech industry? What kind of work do you do?
Right. I mean
what
you're kind
of working towards, okay,
this is my brother does that out in California. He's a he's actually uh he was doing python development believe it or not. People get I know it's like a basic language that everybody learns with but he was doing that for Apple and I think they moved him up but he's a he's a software developer too,
That's a classic.
Yeah because from what I understand, python is very versatile but pretty basic and C plus plus is like super complicated and has a lot of it's a lot more, I don't know what the word is. Maybe complicated
is the
word.
that's
a good way of putting it.
You can use shortcuts to a degree.
No it's understandable. Um I've
been there like just things that I know that I used to know aren't there anymore um because
I don't know if time passes, but I've tried learning, developing a ton of times, like starting with python and I tried learning PHP and my sequel and and all of that and I don't know why just my brain doesn't, I'm too abstract or something in the way I think. And I can't like I do some web work, so html and CSS which aren't coding but they're not really development or programming. Um Those make sense to me, but that's about the extent and after I just don't think that way.
What?
hm.
Well luckily, I mean you sound like my brother, my brothers that way, he's a very mathematical analytical development kind of person and and I think everybody has their creative side, you know, he definitely has an artistic side, but I'm like the we're like yin yang, he's the the concrete thinker and I'm like the abstract thinker and so the world needs all kinds of those people. But
it
is strange to realize that
Yeah, it's super valuable, like I've worked with development teams before who do the back in the database management and the coding and the scripting and everything and you can look at a website and you can tell if it was put together by a developer or put together by a designer because one of those two things is they both are
absolutely
symbiotic and need each other. So yeah, I couldn't, there's been times when I've developed a website or something and I just I'll go online and hired a developer because I'm like I don't even know where to begin with this if I need a the database queries or something done like I don't even know.
And it gets really out of hand, especially like relational databases, I don't know how anybody keeps up with that, but people can do it.
Exactly not not how I think, but yeah, I don't and uh luckily that's you know, software development is something that you can do remotely anywhere, so if you depending on who you worked for, if you wanted to move out of the Denver area because it's expensive or just not the culture that you want, you can kind of um more so than ever find work, freelance work or project based work or permanent work that's um to your needs wherever.
definitely.
There could be,
Yeah. Which is which is a plus. But anyways, you know, one of the things I forgot to do at the beginning was set a timer, so I
don't really know how long this has been going
on
probably.
So normally I didn't bring my phone up here and I'll just set a stopwatch, so
okay I'll go with that. But it's great talking to you. I hope the
rest
of your
week goes well and and um keep doing those prolific. So I'm probably the more these come up the more I'll end up doing it just because I'm obviously I can chat up anybody and I like talking to folks. So good luck out there in Fort Collins.
Thanks.
Yeah, I need to go to go where they decided to eat. That's
the
big
conundrum. Maybe. I don't know. All right, take care.