Mhm. Yes. Yeah yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Hi
and yeah
I've done this like three times, this is the first time I've actually gotten a person. Yeah,
I was like is that part of the experiment? They just don't actually set you up with anyone?
I'm
Kristin
um right now I'm in my house in Syracuse um How about yourself?
that's funny
how where New Jersey are you?
I don't know that
I'm from like Poughkeepsie area, so I know sort of like for New Jersey but
like Tampa area or like of
Earth.
okay my brother
in law is in Miami right now,
I've been a couple of times but it's not so much my bag,
it's so humid,
you're not just drenched
it
all
the
time,
this is
That's
there
there, are you uh you're a family member's house, you said
you're at a family member's house? Nice,
that's
next
Well I have a 10 month old
so it's been a lot kind of having him by myself most of the time. Um he
Maria my parents were seeing us like like all the time before this happen um And then they went out to California like right when everything started um they had
to go out for something and
they kind of got stuck out there like they didn't feel safe coming back. Um
So they were out in California for three months so they hadn't seen their their grandchild in three months so that was hard but last week they came
back
and we just
got to see them so that was nice. I gotta break, it's like here is your child, I'm gonna go nab like that was very nice. Um And
my husband
is
so he starts actually gotten easier to get much free food because everyone's like in snacks to the hospital and people aren't going to the hospital when they don't have to do. So
it's been sort of weird for us, you know, like some good things that you wouldn't expect and some bad stuff, you know, it gets lonely. How
about you?
This
or you like go through the snacks way faster than you thought you would.
the
next day you're like, oh yeah, cookies that were supposed to last until the next trip just started.
it's
Yeah, we like the black and whites that they have there
because they're good. Where, So We moved up here from Brooklyn two years ago, so that's where
we were for years. And apparently black and white cookies in like the city and black and white cookies in central New York are different. So that's believe trader Joe's is the only place that has like real black
and white cookies.
The there's the circles with the like the um chocolate on one side, the vanilla on. But like I don't know. So you live in New Jersey, right? So if you get a black and white cookie in New Jersey it's probably like icing like snaps. But if you're black and white cookie up here it's like frosting like on a cake.
It's one of those weird things that you don't realize is a regional difference until you move somewhere else. So the bigger dose is our favorite for that kind of.
Duke
that's a very dangerous cultural difference to like if
you think that's good.
My baby.
And they direct
colonel Sanders. Like santa claus to write like colonel Sanders. Yeah
I think it's a lot of pinto is that I don't know that much about japan, but I think that's why it's so, it's like so weird is because it's not a religious thing there, it's just like, it's an american holiday. So we american food.
truth.
What was it that had your family moving around when you were younger?
Yeah. My mom actually there in like the 80s. She, yeah,
she's Marine Corps and so she spent, I think two years there and she loved it. It was so cool. So we have all little like souvenirs of Okinawa around my childhood home.
beautiful and fun
and
that's all. Yeah.
that,
that
won't be the same.
That with my, with like childhood memories that I have like certain foods that I grew up eating or like stuff like that. And in my head I'm like, oh, this is the this is the greatest thing and I'll take him and he's like, I mean this is fine, like this, you know, local food is fine, or this like random grocery store is fine, but like it's just a grocery store or whatever. But yeah, it's so different when you grow, I'll
put
something,
it's
It's gross.
It
needs.
that's
like um cosmic brownies for me, like we never had that kind of stuff in the house. So when I got it was really special. So now every once in a while, like
I really want this crappy plastic brownie.
Yeah, I think it's very much like if you were born between 1985 and 95, like
you probably had brownies in your lunch.
Now
that you're that was the group. Thanks. Like why would anyone pay money for those?
Like
still now you believe that or?
Just
hand as a condiment
does.
That's so cute. Yeah,
I
knew it.
I think the bread is the main course in the sandwich.
Nothing else.
Yeah, that's the only way to do it. Really?
I
never used to like that, but now I'm into it like yeah, that's all the condiments, let's do it. Yeah.
strawberry,
that's the twist. That's
interesting.
That creative that I would never, I would try I guess just to say that I did, but that would not be something that never.
my little one now, so we started I was like, I'm so lazy, I don't want to have to go to the store and buy baby food. So when he's eating I just gave him like whatever we were eating. So now he's 10 months old and he'll just eat like whatever like before having like lamb for dinner, he just like has that and it's great because he's not a picky eater. But I'm like later on when he's bigger, is he gonna have a we like is he gonna just want to eat peanut butter and jelly or is he just gonna eat like very sandwiches with mayo like itself? Really think about like how do you, how do you get a kid to eat like everything, interesting
ways.
I like a good idea.
You pay so much for that with
the feet like
25 cents.
That's
Rock
up.
When I was in the city, I used to I was a hostess at a Michelin star restaurants, it was like really nice
Beautiful food. Um and we had a regular that used to, they used to come in with their like two year old daughter and the two year old was just like she would have her own seat and she would eat like literally she would get the same food that the adults eight. Like if you get, you know the fancy chicken with black truffles on it, She would have chicken with black and her doctor, she was actually a little overweight for a two year old but her doctor was like yeah she's eating too much, like essentially like Michelin starred restaurant food, like she got back on the fancy pasta and I'm like that's how I want my child to eat. Like try everything. No chicken. It's do the cool stuff, the good stuff.
You do what? You can, but there's only, I mean you're you're raising another human, like there's only so much you can do to influence like who they are as a person. But I don't know. Yeah.
Give them a good start at least.
of course you do.
Who? That's funny. Yeah,
it's
Yeah. It's funny because I'm the same way, but my brother in law is like the exact opposite. He's one of those people that like food is fuel and nothing else. Like he gets no cultural joy from it. He gets no, like it's not like he doesn't want to celebrate with food. He doesn't like, it's just calories for him. So he doesn't understand like the way that my husband and I eat as like, you know, this is something fun or this is something interesting or like we're going to go out and try this new thing. Even if it has like a lot of calories
because it's you know, good. He's never like if he could drink like one of those, what is it the like the shakes that are the nutrition shakes? Yes. He is like the perfect candidate for that. And in my head I'm like, I don't I don't understand you like I don't understand how you could just have like zero emotional relationship with food. But it doesn't it doesn't like doesn't faze him.
Do
you
prefer
cooking
for yourself or do you like going out to restaurants or is it like kind of
That's
it.
That makes sense
here.
It's all
it's all better.
All
the butter.
I really need two cups of butter in like one serving of vegetables.
Yes. If I'm not a restaurant. Yes, I do.
And this was like great, like japanese
picked up and put in a
let's go for it.
It feels so good to do that sometimes. Just like I'm not going to look at the price, I'm just gonna enjoy myself.
But her husband and his friends I do something cool. So they one of their friends, they always used to joke that he was going
to grow up and like work at Microsoft and be like super rich because he was really smart and nerdy.
All of them are smart and nerdy, but then he grew up and he got a job at Microsoft and now he has a lot of money. So every year what they do is they like, but in the first year what happened was he bought them all dinner to say like you were right, but now what they do is every year they get together like around christmas time because that's when it comes back to this coast and they go to like a fancy restaurant that they all really wanted to go to and they kind of do that, they like just don't pay attention to the price and they just have their splurge once a year. Everyone gets like whatever they want. Then they go to a cool bar afterwards because some of them are really into that. Um And it's a good way to do that because then you're with your friends who you all know have this like the same sort of level of interest in it as you and they know like okay we're just gonna spend whatever, I'm just yourselves. It's a pretty cool tradition actually. I think, lady, well, I don't know if it will happen this
year.
The
same like a chain restaurant or something this year. The Chipotle. Sorry guys, it's just a little different. Yeah.
Yes. And it's all the best things you would never accept.
That's where you get the best mexican food is like,
we would never you want. And you're like, I don't know about this and then it's always so many.
easily.
100% so good. Once. I think we might be almost, which actually makes this perfect timing because my child just woke up from his is about to destroy more stuff. Yeah.
Rule. Oh my God, he's crawling. So it's like he used to be at least stationary, but now it's like you can't you can't look away or he's like halfway down the hall and eating like a plug or something. So there's a lot a
lot of chasing you have
me.
Because they know they know when they're doing something, they're not supposed to be doing and so they have to make sure you're you don't suspect anything. But While we made our 25 minutes and a great conversation with you, that was fun.
I always
thought
you got, so I've never done this before. We just we just hang up and
good.
same here. Let's see.
You
get,
I think we just hang up and then go on our separate ways. Well, thanks. This is great.
Have
one for your family. You