okay. Okay. Let me just fix my computer.
Okay. Here we are.
Okay.
Yeah. Whenever I do these studies, I've always like, is this part of it? This is a trick or whenever you get something like that. Yeah, But I'm jen,
well,
where are you from? Or where are you right now?
right now I'm in New Jersey. I'm actually, um, at a friend's house, I was like brought here, like, I thought I was gonna have the whole day free and I was like, this person and then they like, and then my family was like, okay, we're going, we're going to go visit our friend. And I was like, what? So in front of my computer, my charger and everything. So
I'm
in 10 to fly right now. Yeah,
it's like,
yeah. I'm originally from south florida, but I lived up here for now. No.
for lottery
now, like for Lauderdale Miami, I like when I like live from my parents, I was like the suburbs off of that area.
Own
aides.
It's,
I know. I always tell people because people are always like, oh, I did like you move up like north. Like it's so cool. Like how do you deal with that? And I'm like, honestly, I feel like I'm prettier up north. Like there's no humidity so my hair yeah,
because
it's
like,
my
skin would get really bad, my hair would get frizzy. It was just like, it was just like when I go back down, like everything gets so bad. But up here, like my hair perfect. I have nice skin and everything
and I'm like, I can deal with the winters if I can have like this for most of
the time.
What
did you say?
Yeah. We haven't seen them in like forever because quarantine and everything. Um but we just decided to see them because it's only like two people. Um
But
yeah. How's quarantine been for you
anyone?
That's great.
What
I mean?
Yeah.
What
do you
think?
Because you're just
going to be
working scott.
payment.
No,
I totally understand. I've been like just basically quarantining, like it's just me um and my roommate most of the time. So we've only been hanging out with each other, but it's a it's been like pretty good because um we're really good friends, so that's been like nice. Um And
we do groceries for like um uh I don't know, like once a month or once a month and then we'll realize that we like miss something and then we have to like something.
Like sometimes when we go to trader Joe's, we always make sure to get like, like uh, like cookies or something, right? Gone. They're gone in less than 24
hours,
It's just, it's just because they're so good. They have like, they're like, they're like, they remind
me of like the famous Amos cookies, which was my favorite growing up. And so they're gone.
Oh, I haven't tried those.
no.
So,
so, so black and white cookies. Alright today. So
Oh, okay. That's interesting.
That's what I'm trying to think. I feel like, I feel like I've had a lot of those like differences where, because when I was younger, we moved around a lot and I lived for a couple of years in asia and there's like a lot of similarities, but like when there's like differences not realizing those differences, I think one of my favorite stories is, um, when I was like in elementary school, we lived in Japan right? And we lived in like a small little town and there's like a rule that if you were like, because a lot of kids walk to school, you could like raise your hand and cross the street and, and like cars will just stop thinking. Um, so, so when we moved from Japan to the Philippines, I like try to do that. I like try the street with my hand brake, no one stopped when stopped
and I was like, oh my God. And I was like a rude awakening.
because like,
because in Japan I feel like because they have like such a low birth rate, this is probably part part of it, like, kids are so like, I would say like, well respected, you know? Yeah, like there's a Children's day, which I got really sad once I realized no other country has a Children's day. Um yeah, it's also like, another really fun fact is like around christmas time, I think um KFC had done like a really big like advertising campaign to eat KFC, like on christmas or for like, special occasion,
which, which when I was younger I was like totally bought into that like, like
what?
I think it's interesting because I mean, I can't remember if a lot of Japanese like uh, do christmas right, because I don't have a lot of them are like christian or kind of
I feel like it's kind of like how like christmas is now, we're like kind of just like completely separated, it's just like gifts. So yeah,
Yeah, I would do like my experience is kind of skewed because I went to like a christian school was there, So like japanese people anywhere christian, but I'm pretty sure um it's not like majority christian place, right?
Oh my dad was in the military, so he was stationed there. Um he was stationed in Okinawa, which is like a big, has a big military base.
Yeah.
that's so nice. Yeah, my dad's in the marines too and honestly of like a free place I lived, I think Okinawa is probably my favorite. Like it's, oh,
it's like,
yeah, I don't know. Maybe it was because I was like a kid and you know when you're a kid, like everything so much better. But like,
but like it felt like super like magical because we lived in an apartment that was also like a hotel for tourists who wanted to scuba dive, right? So the hotel slash apartment also had a scuba diving pool that we could use
live. It was like, it was like such an awesome, like really cool experience. Um and I want to visit but I'm like worried that that will kill the magic, you know, because like everything is
like,
yeah, because um After we lived in Asia, we moved back to Florida because I lived there when I was like up until I was like four or something and then we moved back when I was 10 and there's an ice cream place that I was like super into as a child. And I had like such clear memories of this one, um ice cream flavor, Blue moon, which is like the company blue color and I was like, oh, this is so nice And I went and I tried it again and it was like so disappointing. I feel for like six years in my head being like, this is the best ice cream like I've ever had. And I tried again. I was like a no.
It's
also
like, it's like, I feel like the like junk foods that I really like are the ones I had when I was a kid because some people will bring out their junk food that they were really into it. And I was like, this
is gross and most, most, most tweet that you liked as a kid is usually really gross,
right? Like, like you have like that emotional type because like I don't like pizza rolls or bagel bites because I didn't grow up.
Like
everyone loves them. Everyone tries to give them to me. I was like, these are gross. But like, but like, I love like cup noodles and stuff. Because like, my mom, it was also because like, I only got it like once a year because my mom never really bought it special occasions. So like, it was like really shitty cheap noodles are like, you're like special occasion food
and when you're
Hello?
Yeah. I think I think that was one of the foods that I was like out of the like age because I like tried it when I was older and I was like, I was like, oh, it's like, I can't eat it
Cat.
that was in that little like penguin. Uh there was like these little like, microwaveable meals that you could get. And I had been on the cover and I remember I wanted those were so cool. They had like mac and cheese brownies and I don't remember what else, but I was like, I wanted that I wanted lunchables. My mom always said no. And I like, couldn't comprehend in my head I was like, what?
Not now.
Yeah. And like when I was a kid, I like wants them so badly. And I also like hated the way my mom would like make me like, like meals or lunches because I believe that she is the worst sandwich maker in the world.
Because like,
or she doesn't make me a sandwich and forever because um when I was younger, I was like, hey, can I get like a ham and cheese sandwich? And it would be like kind of like thick bread and then a single slice of him, a single small cities, like, like such thin slices so little that like, you can't even taste it, you know? And
then,
I was
like, I remember like, I think when I was like in kindergarten first grade, I started making my own lunches because I was like, I can't do this anymore. And like, you know, as a kid, I woke up at like five a.m. Every morning and I would like start making my lunches and my parents have these cookie cutters and I would like get them and I would cut them into fun shapes because my mom did that one and it was so cool and you know, like everyone in school thinks it's so cool. And I would have like the coolest sandwiches, right? And I was like, I did it myself.
Yeah. The last time my mom made me a sandwich was like in high school, I was like rushing and was like, hey, can you make me a nutella sandwich please? She puts like it
happened. I
was like, I couldn't, I took off one slice of bread because I couldn't taste it. And I was just like, I was like, I cannot taste this Metella. And that was like the last time I was like, I can't do this. I was like, I can't.
I was
sort of like, I'm like a very like condiments heavy person. Like when I found nutella, it's probably like half nutella. You know like
yeah, like everyone, a lot of people think this is gross but I like love mayo. Like sandwich. My sandwich voice needs more mayo, you know?
That's
I remember when my sister was younger, she used to make the grossest sandwich ever. She would she would make it was during like burger night, we would all the rest of my family would eat burgers but she would have a burger, one manet's, she loved mayonnaise, she loved mayonnaise and butter is really gross. Manet's lettuce, ketchup and strawberries. I
was like, that's really like you least people. It was
it was so gross. Like watching her eat a all the time because she like when she was younger she like, didn't she? I don't know, she didn't like me, she never tried it but she just she wouldn't like it. But she went with strawberries. Yeah.
Yeah. I think.
I think it's like also like really cool like when you're a kid, like the food combinations you may cause some of them like are not that bad, especially on eating it. But like some of them are just like why? Yeah.
Well,
yeah, I always, I always think about that because I'm not a picky eater at all. Like my my motto ever since I was like a child was when I go to a restaurant, I want to order something that I don't think I can ever order again. Right? So I was always a really adventurous eater. Like when I go to a restaurant with my friends or family, they all know there's a taste tax, which means I got to try every single person food. Yeah.
My siblings hated, they're always like, no. And but they're like picky eaters. Like both of my siblings, you go to a restaurant, they get some kind of pasta usually are afraid of pasta or like chicken tenders or burgers because only three things I
know.
I'm always like,
yeah, like the first time, the first time I went to a restaurant for the first time I was able to order off of like the adult menu, I was like seven years old. I was like, you know, kind of, I could, I could read, but I remember like being so like excited once my parents were like, yeah, of course you can. And I looked and I saw a lobster and steak and I was like, oh, I want this, my parents, you
know? And I was like, great. But I was like, I've never had lobster before, I love steak, and they were like,
no.
Yeah. And I was like, okay, okay.
yeah.
It must be like so hard because I feel like my brother who's like close to age with me, like I'm pretty sure you raised like the exact same way, but he's like, he's like, even now, even now as an adult, he doesn't eat any vegetables. His diet consists of meat in some kind of carbohydrate, which is neither possible rights. And I like, he says it's a texture thing. So I wonder if it's just something that you just like, I'm gonna come in nick.
It's like, yeah.
Yeah. I think, I feel like, I mean I don't have any experience, but I feel like it's like trying to introduce some of the foods when they're younger. Because I remember when I was a kid, me and my brother, if we want to try foods, we always ask my mom first, we're like, do we like this? And like, yeah.
And I thought it was like always like really funny once. I was old enough to realize that like half the foods we would ask, like we never tried before, but my brother would still be like, do I like this? And you feel like Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
I just, I love food. I
also think I'm like the person who like um was it lives to eat because there's the people who eat to live, but I learned routine my whole day, if it's a boring day, it's like surrounds itself around the meal, like that's all I think about.
And then
Yeah, I have, I have a lot of friends here like that and they're always complaining that they like forgot to eat and I was like, I can't imagine that even when I'm like super busy stress, like my next meal is like on my mind and like, like it's, I feel like it's such an experience like cooking it, eating it like. Uh But
just
like
thinking
about,
I think it's I think it's like both. Like I love like I love to cook and I love trying new recipes, I hate cleaning if my my like ideal setup is like I cook someone else cleans and I would
cook like
all the time. Um But like I don't especially like a really good restaurant, like indian food, like I'm not gonna cook indian food at my house just because
it's
like so difficult. Like there's like foods where I'm like, this is hard, like I like it's going to take my entire day and it won't be as good as like something in a restaurant or, or like if I know that like a restaurant version has like a lot of fat in it and I just want to be, I just don't want to know, you know, because like, what, what I've realized, it's like restaurant food tastes so good because they're like a little bit more butter if it's a stock, heavy
cream,
it's like heavy
cream
butter like, and like, and like when you're cooking and when you're like trying to cook it, like this seems, this seems like a lot, it seems like you're just like putting more and more like,
it's like,
yeah, there's this restaurant that I went to um the other day called. It's like, I forget the name, but it's a japanese restaurant and it was probably, it's probably the, even though I've lived in Japan, it's probably the best restaurant I've ever been to because it had like flavors I've never even tried before, which is like, we just like someone who is an adventurous eater, like I don't get that very often. But I think there was a lot of like Umami flavors, a lot of like uh yeah, just like a lot of asian flavors that I think like I'm not super accustomed to, especially when you come to America, it's a lot of like asian fusion, you know? But
yeah, it was,
it was, it was like so good. Like that was like probably I like it there with my friends and I was like the only time because I would say like I'm a pretty frugal person and I really like watch what I'm spending. But at that time I was like, you know what? I have some money saved up and I was like this. Yeah,
I was like, what's your specialist? Like the waitress told me, I was like, look at, look at all of those. I felt like I was like falling out.
God. Yeah. I'm always like, I always tell people, I wish I was like rich, just just so I could treat my friends to something like that. Just take people out and be like anything you want, you can have just like uh that would really?
no.
I think.
Maybe
they can be like a zoom call and get taken
up from the same place,
Yeah. I'm like really happy like on my dad's side of the family and they're like really big foodies, like one of my uncles as a chef. Whenever he comes down, he does research on like the best places. And he finds like, you know the hole in the wall? Places that are like so so good. I was like, how do you find these? Like I've lived here buying stuff like for five years and I've never, never heard of this place.
Yeah. It's always like, it's always like, it's always like, you know when it's like run down, you know, a little or like,
it's like a summit.
Me and my friend, when we go on road trips, we always try to stop like along the highway or a long ago major road. There always be like a tiny little barbecue place. We're always like, that's
where the best barbecue is. Like a little little shacks or everything on like styrofoam, you know? Yeah.
As I do
It's always, it's
always
somebody also like the quietest, you know, my parents always say like when you can't hear child, something's wrong. Like they've gotten into something.
This was
a lot of
time.
think,
wait, I'm going to go back if
part. Yeah. I
think
they just mhm. Yeah.
it was nice
meeting you.
Bye.