great. Yeah. Uh huh. Oh sure that's good. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay, mm. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Uh huh.
Hello,
Jimmy.
No
that's
that's
fine.
No,
no worries. Okay,
my name is Jimmy.
Yeah, you do,
thank you.
Oh, it's a mess underneath it. We got kids uh below that, there's toys everywhere. Mhm.
that,
yeah, I don't feel too bad, I mean it's somewhat embarrassing, but at the same time there's kids, I mean it's what they do, so
so
like I tell my wife all the time at least it's just toys. I mean it's not like we've got like moldy pizza in the corner, you know?
So where about you live?
Yeah, I live in Wisconsin,
but
I
live right by the Minnesota Wisconsin border, so like the twin cities are like 20 miles
from here. Yeah,
so green paste, like five
hours I think, 4.5 hours from here.
Yeah, I have my own opinion. Most of the people around here don't share the same, most of the people around here.
We live in a rural area. So I mean we live close to the twin cities but most of the people can kind of consider that its own different world and it kind of is I mean we, the town I live in I think it's like 9000 people. I mean it's again it's close to the city's but this is a small town compared to it. So I think most of the people around here have strong feelings in one direction.
Yeah. I feel the
same
way.
I mean I police shouldn't begin attacked on account of it. Uh but at the same time like I feel bad when reading some of the stories from some of the, you know, some black folks and some of the stuff they've had to deal with. So I all cops are bad. All black people are bad. I don't understand why some people feel they have to just be so adamant on one side or the other. I mean
it was an unfortunate situation and it was a horrible situation. But I mean that doesn't mean because a couple of cops made some bad decisions that all the all cops are bad.
Yeah. I wish more people did.
I mean, I don't have the background like you said, I, I just try to be understanding of all parties what anything. I mean there's so much stuff going on and I try to understand why it's, you know, why do you feel that this way or that way? But it's, you sound a lot more articulate than makes up. Uh, huh. Oh
So did you complete college?
What
you go through college for?
Just
take
some courses?
It's not too bad yet and I fear it will get worse. I'm not at risk. I mean I'm a little bit overweight but I don't have any like underlying health issues. So I'm not and my family's same thing, you know, my family's except they aren't overweight but they don't have any, you know, they don't have asthma, they don't have any conditions. So I'm not really concerned for them. But I work with a lot of elderly people, I don't work at like a nurse, I work in a factory, so there's just a lot of people that have been there for a while that and since it hasn't hit here too hard, since we're rural, a lot of people kind of, they politicized it I guess. Think that oh yeah, this is just, it's an election year, It is what it is. So a lot of people around here think that like it's just being way overblown and I do think the media is overblown it a little bit, but at the same time like there's people dying and you can't really deny that. So it hasn't been too bad here yet. It's we're turning into a small little hotspot in rural Wisconsin, but it hasn't gotten too bad yet,
Yeah, and that's what I've tried to do. I mean,
it does in a sense that kids can't go to school. Uh we can't, the kids haven't been in a store in a while, me and my wife will kind of take turns, you know, I'm gonna run to the grocery store, I'll get this stuff, I don't see any sense of bringing the kids with. I mean, trying to get our kids are two and seven they aren't going to wear a mask and I mean they're not gonna sneeze in their arm. So we've tried to take precautions so it's affected a little bit but at the same time like I I would rather be safe than sorry I don't want to find out. You know I would rather win this thing is all over and done with. Hopefully sooner than later. I would rather look back and think like well I did what I could not make it worse. I mean if it is blown out of proportion than fine but I just personally feel like I'll take extra steps just just in case it really is and I I think it really is but I don't have a background in virology or any of that crazy nonsense. I barely got my G. D. So I don't you know I can I've read some stories and stuff online too and kind of form my opinion but I don't I can't say definitively one way or another. I don't understand a lot of you know the what the covid really is. So I just I don't see why it's such an issue. Just be safe once we get through this and you know then we can get back to how things were in a sense. But a lot of people around here don't share them views with me. They are not happy as a matter of fact Wisconsin mandated a mass when you're out in public now. And a lot of the sheriff's uh from nearby towns have said we aren't even going to enforce that. It's like well.
Yeah and it's a bummer. The local police have said that I just basically they're not gonna start like you were saying, they're not gonna start going out and doling out fines, but what they are going to do is they got a bunch of mass. So that way, you know what they see people, they'll just hand out a mask and you know, you've got to put a mask on because it's a mandate and, and I get it, like you said, they don't, I would say that less than 50% of the people here wear masks so that they can't, there's not, it's a smaller town, there's not a lot of crime, but the cops can't be going out to every store in every business and start issuing tickets and giving out mass. But I feel good that at least my city is saying, hey, you know, we're going to take this seriously. You know, if we see it without a mask, we're gonna give you a mask and, and that's fine. I don't think people should be getting
fine.
Yeah. And I've, I've done that. I went in the gas station a couple of weeks ago to grab some beer, grab some beer quick. I figured being and out I went in and saw somebody with a mask and realized, oh, shoot. So they were helping another customer the workers. So I just ran out and grabbed a mass. I mean people forget it. I, and I,
I, I would have been pretty upset if
I
would
have got
fine for that.
It's a different time. It's, I'm used to put my shoes on when I get up and go somewhere. I'm not used to having to grab a mass or I mean I'll have to yesterday I went to the grocery store yesterday the day before and I had to run back in. I was just about to leave and realize that you don't have a mask with me. So I mean it's it's hard to get adjusted to, it's different. So what do you do for hobbies down there? Mhm.
And
and
No, that's fine.
no, it's fine. No worries.
How long have you lived by the railroad?
I'm very sorry
to hear that. That's tragic.
Well it's good on you
for showing
up
and the okay um
Oh you can finish what you're saying.
Yeah, I couldn't even imagine, but that's good on you for being there for him. I mean I know you know, I I haven't went through anything like that, but everybody deals with a little bit of you know, kind of tragedies throughout life and I know just having somebody there, I mean whether you're perky upbeat patting them on the back, you know, high fiving, whatever, just having a friend there, knowing you have somebody there is to me it's makes a huge difference. So
are you from California originally then?
Yeah, that's, that's an interesting story. What kind of, what kind of doctor was your dad like a regular
family
doctor?
yeah, I'm getting up there, I'm 34 so time just goes by.
No,
I work at uh work at a foam factory and a lot of what we make is like interior components for like tractors and caterpillar. Uh,
so
like, if you look at a headliner in a car, we'd make a lot of them, just not for
cars, we make a lot of them for, again, like john Deere's and caterpillar and Sienna to make a lot of the headliners and, and if you look inside, it's not necessarily foam in the sense of how you would picture foam, just like in your car, you know, a car. The headliner isn't really foam,
it's more kind of fabric. But then we make a lot of the, if you look at the softer components on the inside of tractors and stuff, a lot of that stuff is what we make, It's interesting.
I'm not,
I'm
not
really sure they started and somewhere in the cities, I think like 25 35 years ago. And then they bought this location that I work at now, but a lot, not a lot, but we do do some like international stuff too. So we do ship john Deere parts to like europe, I believe. Uh, and then there's some other customers, but there's like john Deere for instance, there's multiple facilities here in the U. S. So I think there's one or two in Iowa, I want to say there's one in Illinois. Uh but I think a lot of our bigger customers are kind of midwest based bobcat is another big one. We do and I think they're based in like South Dakota or one of the Dakotas. So they're not, I mean they're not close but it's not too far away. So I think a lot of the main plants are kind of located in the midwest. So that might be why they did it, but I'm not 100% sure.
Yeah, I've been there for a while.
I don't think so.
Doesn't
sound
familiar.
I work in the quality department and I inspect a lot of the new parts that come through and I haven't heard that name before. So I don't think we do any anything for them.
Yeah, we get a lot of money from january. It's been up and down this year just like everywhere else. I mean with everything going on, businesses have been you know up and down so we've had to take some I haven't got cut but we've lost some of the staff they've cut, somewhere. Hours have been cut. I'm supposed to be at work right now actually but I gotta I had to take the time off because business is kind of slow right now but that's like I said that's pretty much everywhere
All
Oh the town I grew up in was actually 1100 people. So this is a big city compared to where I grew up.
Yeah I like it here. I like the rural area. I lived in san Antonio for a little bit and I mean teach their own. I know some people love that hustle and bustle of the big city life, but I I love this small town life. I don't have as much, you know nearby, but it's I like it here and it was nice chatting with you too. Is this your first time doing this?
This
is number three. And you're all right. I think you're a little hard on yourself. You're fine. I mean,
I tip my hat to you for that.
All right. It's nice chatting with you. I'm gonna get going.
Yeah. Thank you.
All