Hello.
I'm Jason.
Can you see? Oh good, good. Sorry if a train comes by we kind of live near the track
so
I
don't know,
interrupter. I'm sorry.
So
what what's your name?
Oh good to meet you jimmy.
That's a nice room. Do you live in a Yeah, that's nice.
Wish our place was that nice. It's kind of a met.
Yeah. That's why. Yeah. That's what my sister tells me. She's got kids, they have toys all over. She kind of spoils her kids. So the floor is all covered with toys and she feels like all self conscious about it. She lives in it and that's what she tells
me. She lives in a different area and I haven't been up there in a while so I wouldn't know.
Yeah. There there precious gift and all you know. Yeah. No, nothing to feel ashamed about their
the hot.
It could be worse. Could be like someone's dorm room or something with the pizza on the floor. Like your son. Yeah, it gets worse. Beer bottles.
Right. Yeah. Oh, Bakersfield California. Yeah. Uh So are are you are you actually in like Green Bay or some part of Wisconsin?
You
just
have
what?
wow.
That.
Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, it was uh there's something else what happened in Minnesota. I mean, I don't know, I'm sure people have strong feelings about it either way. But you know, um it sounds like you're you're pretty close to uh where all that happened.
No.
I see. Yeah, I would say this is uh this you know, is a much larger city than what you're describing, but it's like one of the most conservative parts of California. So I would say there's been a lot of people that are feel like, you know, any suggestion of an attack on the police are negative feelings towards the police. I think they feel they feel bad about. But I I tend to sympathize with, I try to sympathize with everyone, I would say. I don't know. I guess I'm a little bit more liberal, but
I
don't
know.
What?
Yeah. No, I think individual psychology has more to do with people, no matter what their profession is or there, you know, their class or the race, I would say there's just a lot that has to do with the individual characteristics of that person. Maybe, you know, part of who they are as a part of society is kind of that has something to do with it, but also various other factors. I just I just think individually, people tend to, some people tend to be more violent, Some people tend to be less violent, that kind of thing. I don't know. I'm no great spokesman as as you can tell them not that articulate, but I try to make sense of it
like
no, it's not true. You you put your you've just put your sentences together much better than I did remember. I'm trying to take this one college class and the and the professor basically said, I forget the joke that he told that. He basically said that you know, I can't I was going to give a I was going to give a bad answer, but that was a pretty bad question or something. Like just we all had a good laugh at that. But
I'm
nervous
and I didn't I
mean,
I
I try I tried economics and stuff and didn't really work out. I am haven't haven't been employed in a while, but I guess it's nothing nothing not that much different than a lot of people these days. All right. so how is pop Out? Is the covid thing where you are.
I was reading a story that said that if you actually compare you know you apples for apples statistics that it is maybe end up being worse than the 1918 pandemic was at least in terms of this country it was like 675,000 dead 1918 pandemic. Now we've had like 170,000 in the country as a total now it was kind of interesting. Um I don't know they're saying cities just tend to be much cleaner now anyway so if you really compare it maybe in some ways worse. So it was a pretty big it's a pretty you know it's nothing to laugh at I guess but people just have to take precautions and try not to let it affect their lives. I think
it's not
Because they don't have the manpower to enforce that here either. But anywhere you're out in public or you know, there's, I guess where there are people, anywhere you're out in public a store, wherever, well stores kind of private. Um, even if you're on the sidewalk or whatever, you're supposed to wear a mask, but they just don't have the manpower to enforce it. So you're, you know, we're all supposed to be supposed to be taking as many precautions as possible. But I don't, I'm not even sure if they're enforcing it up in the Bay area down in L. A. But certainly here in Bakersfield, no one's going to like, I don't think the public would react well if the police started, you know, really just cracking down on people for what they thought were violations just because of, you know, this community being a little bit more, you know, conservative and the way it is. But yeah, I guess we're we've had like 26,000 people infected so far. So I'm like a couple of 100 deaths. So it's really beginning to hit us here too.
And
that's what we should be doing is, you know, somebody doesn't have a mask, You give them a mass, somebody is in a store, you ask them, you know, take a mass, not not, you know, like what you see on social media where there because I think, I think in a lot of cases people feel like people who maybe forget to put their mask on the store before going in, they feel like they're being threatened or whatever. I just I I think the police in your area like you're talking about, that's the right attitude is you give someone a mask, you tell them would you please put this on? You know, to my mind,
I
do.
I
have to
go.
Mm. Yeah. I went to an Ace hardware. I had to, uh, I had to get some, uh, wood screws I guess for mike. Yeah. I went without a mask. I had in my pocket forgot and they just said, would you please put on a mask? So I did. But you know, like in the local convenience store around the corner, which is just like 10 ft away from the Ace, the store owners don't even wear masks. So, you know, instead depends on how people are actually going to carry it out in their own lives I guess. I mean, I know we should all be trying to do as best we can, but you know, sometimes you forget.
Well there's not a lot to do without us being able to really go
a lot. I mean, you know the buses are still running, you got to wear a mask to go on a bus, but it's so hot. Damn it. There's another train. I'm sorry. I'll try
to try to go somewhere where you can still hear me. I apologize.
I'll see if it's less noisy out here, although, you know, there's a glare from the sun. But uh yeah, myself, I just do a lot of reading uh, do a lot of netflix, watching, you know, whatever I can to try to avoid too much public, Too much being in the public. The movie theaters are still closed. Um, a lot of stores are still closed. You know, that's a apparel stores. I'm sure they're closed in Wisconsin. Sorry about this. I do apologize.
I never quite get used to living by the railroad tracks and
yeah, well it was my friend who invited me to come live here with him a few years ago. And uh, you know, it's, it's uh, it's sad, but his girlfriend actually died out on this on these tracks. His brother still lives with us. I mean her brother, Joey's girlfriend's brother lives with us, but she died, we think she got like high or something and or maybe just really depressed because she had to have a feeding tube, uh, affected some kind of, some medications that she was wearing and apparently she died out here on the track somewhere, got run over or what have you. And it was, you know, not good. He was really upset. They were both really upset. A couple of months later. I went to live with them try to cheer Joey up but you know I don't know how great I am at that but you know they're both nice people and I needed a place to stay and um but yeah that's that's kind of how I ended up here was you know christian got uh got run over there.
So
yeah well that's all right you know it's pretty tragic. Um uh you know if it's difficult for me one that just hearing the noise when it goes by you can imagine how difficult it must be for Joey thinking about that because he's he's actually has asperger's so he's really intelligent and he remembers like almost everything like he has all these memories from years ago that I'm like I just say have no idea. I don't remember that stuff Joey because we've known each other for like 20 years and so he does not forget this stuff. So it's really tough on him.
Tell
you the truth.
I
what's that?
Oh, I was just going to say, well to tell you the truth, I I kind of have my own mental problems too. I mean not exactly like Joey's, but no, so I know what he goes through, but just listening to him, he just does not forget stuff. And so I know that that memory of being absent that day and coming home and finding out that she was gone really affects him.
I hope so. I hope I've been a good friend. I try to be, it's a great place and they're great people. I lived somewhere with horrible roommates before, so it's nice to be here. I've been here for about three years now
actually. I was born here in Bakersfield. My uh my parents, my and my sisters as well were born in new york there from new york when my father became a doctor, he started getting in trouble and leaving. And uh so they left new york. The family went back, went down to florida, went to Louisiana, all these different places where he was trying to practice but I guess I couldn't find a job that was willing to keep them. And they finally ended up here in Bakersfield and we just ended up staying even after they split because he got in some trouble and so they got divorced and he left. But my mother's stage, she's actually has Alzheimer's disease and she's in a nursing home here in town. So I don't want to really leave Bakersfield even if I if I do some time until you know after her passing because I don't want her to be the only person, I don't want her to be left alone in this city, even though I can't really visit her right now and director care because of the whole covid situation.
You
know,
I think he I think he was either either a family physician or some kind of oncologist, but I don't actually know that was so many years ago now though, I mean I feel so old, you know, I'm like close to 40 man.
Yeah, I know, I know. Uh so you work at like a food processing facility
perhaps?
No
interesting
what?
This is
Mhm. Yeah, I wonder why they they locate the factory out there too, because it's closer to farmland or because is there any given reason why um you know, a tractor component factory would be out there in Wisconsin in that area,
we're just
kind
of
it sounds like a very secure job. There will always be a need for tractor parts for farms.
Do you do you do any work for like Mahindra? I mean, that's what I've, I haven't heard that name until like, there was a tractor advertisement or something from Mahindra usa here in town, do you
do
you do any
work
for?
I think there's some kind of indian company, I don't know. Um but that, that sounds like a really secure job, like I was saying, I mean, you, you know, john Deere is supposed to be like a pretty conservative company, right, So that's a pretty safe job,
What? Right, Yeah, I'm sorry to hear that. Um I'm glad that I'm glad you didn't get cut and so uh so, wow, but that is, I mean, I always think of Bakersfield is being a small town but it's like you know we've got like 354 100,000 people
now, what you're describing of 9000 people that that's like one of the outskirts here in kern County, you know? But this is big farmland to there's all the pistachios that get grown here, there's grim way carrots, the the carrot farmers that send them, you know carrots all over the country and then there was that the onion recall right, the red onions, I think those came from Bakersfield, yeah.
Mhm. Yeah All right, we got I think we got like one or two more minutes but it's been good, it's been really good to talk to you. I I appreciate I appreciate you putting up with me because I am so inarticulate, kinda scatterbrained, you know, it was it was good to hear from someone from the, from the midwest, you know, the backbone of kind of the backbone of our country, you know?
No, it's actually my fourth. So you can imagine what the first three went through. Which one is this for
you?
Yeah, Well, I like to like to be humble. I'd rather be humble than arrogant. So hopefully,
hopefully I'm more harder. Yeah.
All right. It was good to talk to you too. Thanks a lot.
Take care
of