Is that your $100? Yes. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Mhm. It's a simple thing when you go, you have to be careful. You have to be careful when you're walking, walking and when you've been drinking and dancing, you have to be careful about what's going on. Not anticipated that this accident will take place so long actually thinking that it's there to split the responsibilities between the two of your judgment for the plaintiff to the united 600 channels. Uh Judge Judy three Tables and on the next judge. Well, he told me that he was willing to cover part of it and Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
What? Well, hello?
Good. Hi, my name is Christy. What's yours?
Elaine? What part of the country are you in?
Austin texas and y'all?
did you? Really? It's
a fun town.
I cannot imagine living in Minnesota.
It's
like uh we're having a A
cool way we're hearing often. It's in the low 80s. I'm sorry Elaine
with the lane. Okay.
Uh
huh.
Yeah,
yeah. And I'm bad with names and I'm Kristie christ with the wire on the end. If everybody knows hospital that now I hate to get political right away or at all even good. Uh I'm just so excited, biden here is 2020, you know?
You know, I felt really bad because, well, you know, the entire Obama presidency, Fox news would only refer to him as Obama and not president Obama, you know, and I thought that was wrong, but I just, I just could not refer to him as president trump. I mean
hello?
I
don't know.
Yeah, it's
an embarrassment,
you know.
I'm glad biden won. We'll see how the transition goes, but
it's really just a blight on the marathon that the race was a little bit closer, you know?
I'm
I know
what?
whoa.
Uh so long story short, I've had some family issues and I had to live in north texas since March. Since kind of covert started. It's total trump country.
What fox news, you know, in every public place, it was just mm
our department.
no, um
I guess it's I mean it's just so overwhelmingly trump country, right,
protest like
the whole black
lives matter, there were protests
and uh
which saw falls about an hour away from Graham that has a military base and there's a lot more diverse population, but Graham, no. Yeah, it's just all the good old white boys and their big old pickup trucks and Mhm.
It's yeah, so I was glad to make it back from Austin, you know, as you know. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, I mean it's just, you know, the liberal central of texas.
16
what
did
you do
here?
Why did you move here?
Well,
Schwartz.
It's bad in Austin, but
not compared to
for europe,
no.
what?
I'm a
yeah.
Born and raised in Austin, uh my mom who is an assisted living, lives in the armpit of
texas out in the middle of, you know, it's
that we call out to texoma area, you know, uh
between Wichita Falls and mineral Wells areas are very rural. Um But
anyway, I go up there to uh
help with her care 86 years old and
you know, not doing well physically. Uh
and then my younger brother passed away in august
a
year battle
with
hooks or so, you know, now I'm in charge of mama and mama is bad, quit crazy, so I just gotta, you know, figure it out. Uh huh. You know, I'm now
in charge of all our funding for concerns, which was a bit of a struggle, you know?
Well it is, but you know, uh
mom trusted my brother even though he was younger because you know, he had a penis, you know,
so we're in a pretty good place right now, so that's good. Uh
going back for the holidays even though we probably won't get to meet in person because of all the covid crap. Are you still there?
we froze. We freeze. Oh there we are again. Anyway, tell me about you. How old are can you?
it's interesting, wow.
bless
Barracks.
that's what I was talking. Yeah, that's what it was with tom Kenny. Um
it's just one of those stoic men that just keeps going no matter what, you know. And uh we knew it was getting bad. he is hard to his brain and at several brain surgeries and you
know, some kind of expected, but we actually just survived his offspring surgery and his wife were picking up from the hospital. Can you quit breathing?
I
met you, yeah, the medications my brother was on, you know, he, he's always been very short and to the point, but it turned him into an asshole, but you knew that and we all knew that it was the medication, so didn't make him any less of an asshole. But yeah.
helped me not take it so personally because either
on
absolutely. And then for your mother to depend on her child, you know, that's been difficult. You know, the latest with my mom is um,
the assistant facility care, she's in insists on now bathing her 12 because she's so just she's very unsteady. He's fallen several times, reliability is to you, but it embarrasses her. Yeah. Uh control freak, wonder where I get it from. So, you know, like the first takes a million
pills a day and which first had to give up control
of the pills. Were they there for her medication? That would well, she was ready to move out. She's like, I don't know that
coming home, but now that she's used to it,
she's okay. But anyway.
so much that that has been a very difficult thing to do, you know? Where with mom it's, you know, her loss of control of things, you know, and I could
never
think I'm pretty hard headed to you and Well
no, we did it for my mama.
I'm sorry. What?
yeah, I'm a libra, how about you?
I'm
I'm a liberal a I strive for balance. I find it frustrating, do not have things balanced. Uh But yeah, the hard head comes from my bed and my mama,
it
is,
it
discussed you because of course those teenage years, I will never be like that, you know? Um
my dad, southern baptist ordained minister. Mhm.
and my mom played piano, she was like the church lady. Like, I don't know if you remember the snl character with the church lady, that was my mother and you know, that's another big fracture, you know, it's so funny that I'm friends on instagram with a lot of the uh youth that I grew
up with in church and you know, the southern baptist went republican, you know, I went through all that, where uh
it was party over paint a human
decency, you know, like I couldn't hear jesus would have been the first one to perform the gate marriage, you know, that's because I know
in Minnesota, that's funny.
girl, the last time I went to a southern baptist church, there's one right down the street from my house and you know, the one I grew up in, we had one token hispanic family and one token black family and everybody
else,
Oh, not a lot of diversity where I go to this church for service and it's a nice mix, uh, more different colors and you know, uh, so I thought it was going to be good and you know, they got, someone got up, there was talking about their outreach ministry. And then the preacher gotta, the first one of the first things uh, he said, we should kill all the terrorists and let God sort them out. And this is when Hillary was running and preached directly against Hillary clinton several times. I was like, oh fuck where? Where? Oh no,
I'm not southern baptist anymore. That just confirmed it.
Yeah.
Nothing.
for a choice. I mean, I can understand uh you know, if you really consider it's murder, but you know what, it's not your body and you can't force your religious beliefs on others. So it's got, you know, it's like forcing men to have that sector means that's never gonna fucking happen.
Work with pregnancies, unwanted pregnancies. Does that, to me is reversible. We're in the second least until they're ready to have Children. Right?
For free. I have to admit that is my one bias. Uh The penis has caused me so much problem in my life.
when
we get
attempted
the wrong
one, Uh so I'm 52 and and a couple of years ago, I reconnected with my old high school boyfriend. That, you know, I thought the absolute love of my life, he is in a lot of ways he is, but uh he is so freaking controlling and mentally abusive. It won't take long for me to figure out. He finished, we're
Harold the big self centered dick. He always was. Mhm.
But uh in a lot of ways, healing as well, you know, we were able to work out a lot of things. I'm able to see
that, you know, because,
you know, I always felt I've just done this right or just done that right, Then we would be together and he was
more much I'd love to
you had me
absolutely have been pleased, loved himself more. Oh,
Oh
Yeah. How about you? Have you involved with anyone or single?
Like I didn't want to get a trump supporter. That would have been awkward.
I agree.
What's wrong?
I really
I'm enjoying the conversation with, you know, as long as you want.
No, no. I'd love to. I think we've made a real connection. Uh I
okay. I think it's epic curiosities. Dot com is my instagram handle a food blogger.
Well,
with all the families, should I haven't been active in a while, but I'm really into the food scene, especially here in Austin
E. P. I see you are I O T Y. Es like look, well look, what's yours?
Well
sorry, we have to give that to me again, life.
Well,
who up down Jack
forward.
So yeah, that was another issue with my mom back when the whole gay marriage uh
growing up in texas, you know? And she's like, well, I hope you voted. I'm like, I did. But it's just going to cancel your about no. Oh
sorry. Hashtag not sorry. You know Love is love,
We have guilt issues.
you
got
to figure
out.
you can figure out. That's bullshit. Fuck them. You know.
That is fasting to me. That is just so disgusting to me. Uh You know, the christian religion is based on the downtrodden and the less than and the, you know.
absolutely. Um Actually went to Baylor, my parents, my parents wrote the lums. So I went to Baylor University and one of the courses you have to take his religion. So it's very but what was very interesting to me was showing, you know, of course God didn't scribble out the bible, you know? Uh
So it was education on how the different books were chosen and how they were rewritten over time, you know? Oh it's just you know it may have good faith based Uh advice but it can't be taken literally. And there's so
much that was manipulated for the times like Mary Magdalene one Noho until they decided that you know the middle ages that women shouldn't be leaders in the church. So you know it's just mm
But then what?
Yeah but you know.
Yeah but you know, well my mom gets all her political and medical advice through fuck news. Yeah, I can't even talk to her. I'm like we're not discussing politics if that's the only reference you have because you make
me
it's okay. You know my brother before he passed delighted and wearing his Maga hat to all family functions
just to piss me off.
What?
Uh huh. Yeah, so we have a brief
little uh
political exchanges, but then, you know, We had an 86 year old mother to take care of. So I think way beyond those political concerns that we had to deal with family and that's what's missing. I think in the world now it's parting that common ground and I'm hopeful biden can do it.
absolutely,
absolutely. We, you know, it's long past time for us to find common ground, even with the sex of racist bigots that supported trump. I mean, there's certain things I can't compromise, but understanding
that point of view, I think, you know, a lot of the old white boy mentality is uh just fucking idiots and listen to the rich guys that think they're, you know, they're going to save
them, uh you know, expanding opportunities to others, does not diminish your opportunities and that's what then, you know, they throw
that fear at them
and you know, then triple their salaries. Yeah.
no.
Uh
I know. We should probably wrap up soon. Although I'm but I wanted to go back to boundaries because that is one of my hugest life lessons that I learned. You know, I didn't start seeing uh uh do you see a therapist?
Mr Help. I have lots of physical health issues. I took uh medication for a long time. But after an especially tumultuous relationship, I started with talk therapy and that she was boundaries. Like the idiot
that
was making my life uh
hell, you know, I had realized it was because I wasn't setting boundaries that I had to tell him, look this is what I need, this is what I want. Breaking the boundaries you cross that it's not my fault anymore jours. You know like I said first relationship. Uh huh. I loved him so much, but he couldn't respect my boundaries. Uh
huh.
That
yeah, that is a huge life lesson when it's also enabled me to cut off the uh
to recognize and and cut off people they're bad for me. Yeah. You know.
And you know, that's that's how I was able to accept it was, you know, I clearly state my boundaries. You know, I give you a chance maybe two, maybe three, which is probably wasting my time. But then I'm not for sure it's not me and I don't have to blame.
Yeah, that you know as I wish I'd learned that at 27. So
well, best of luck to you. Uh I was curious. So you consider yourself a lesbian or are you on the spectrum or?
thanks. From
me.
Uh, you know, that's, that's some prejudice everybody has prejudiced. And one thing I've had to learn and the spectrum thing actually makes it a lot easier to understand, whatever. And so that was something new that all this marriage equality and, and, and stuff have brought up to me. So I appreciate your generation's education of us as well. Oh,
love is love.
This was the best part of my makeup on for you. Right?
I have no pants on. Who
is
that fancy?
Well,
All right. Thank you. Elaine. Any time.