Hello?
Yeah, how's it going?
My name is Elaine,
I'm in Minnesota, what about you?
Oh goodness, I lived in austin texas for um like a year and a half, 2016 or 2017
I did
Oh my goodness, the food, the culture, the music, the weather Oh yes,
Oh my goodness well let me see if I can show you what's going on outside of course snowing and
cold and
Mhm
sorry
yeah,
yep
E M A
I N E
don't worry there is no I don't even, I refuse to utter that name for the rest of my life
No no I understand, I can understand the structure that we have and that he held that position and that's just going to be fact in the history books, but as far as actually
respecting him and thinking that he held that position in any kind of admirable
way.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no,
absolutely,
no.
Well, mhm
and
that's the thing, Um you know,
everyone was celebrating and that's something everyone is kind of saying, you know we're really excited about this, but you have to realize that 70 million people still
vote that way and it
it kind of makes you, it feels weird because I don't, I personally don't feel like I know anyone in my circle who
is on that side of the fence necessarily, but it just kind of lets you know, you never know what people really are thinking and at the end of the day when you go to the booth, no one else is what you're doing, so that's what it is. Mhm,
Ooh,
What was the,
what was the, what was the climate like then once biden was yeah, basically announced where their people kind of I guess protesting. Did you have any trump people doing the whole honking their horns? Still waving the flag? Did you have any of that going on?
right.
Right.
What
I
the,
yeah,
That's wild.
Is everything?
Yeah. I was, I would always tell people that Austin reminds me of basically Minneapolis in the south. It's very similar in that way. So I felt it
didn't feel like I was, I didn't feel like a foreign place because I was worried, I was like texas, I didn't, I don't have any family in texas, didn't know anyone. It was very much a leap of faith kind of a thing and then it ended
up
being
greater,
Sorry,
I am ready to see this is a coming okay. I applied for a job and
got it. It was wild because I really hated the job that I had at the time. I didn't want to be, I really wanted to live somewhere outside of Minnesota because honestly winter is,
I don't know. Yes and unless you really are a winter person it never gets easier. It always hits you like your first winter. So I was like I gotta get out of here. I need to go somewhere where it's not gonna snow. So it's applying to jobs everywhere, even applied to California but then realized like type the cost of living in California is a whole different situations. So
but
not yet not compared
and a huge move. I got like a decent apartment, you know, I was able to kind of just afford it. But I was
so far away from everyone I knew and I think I was still kind of too young. I mean I wasn't like that young, but it was,
I couldn't, I don't know, I wasn't ready to like put my own roots down and start building my own relationships in like long term, you know? So come on. Yeah. So yeah, I mean, I, I love Austin if Covid wasn't happening, I was planning to be therefore Austin city limits. I was planning
to be there for so much, but here we are, I guess. Yeah.
So did you send, oh, go ahead. You you say you're from north north Carolina or you are from texas, but
The
What?
Right.
Mhm.
Oh,
Well,
Right.
Yeah. Oh, I am sorry for your laws. Mm
hmm.
Well,
people,
and
it's a lot of responsibility.
Mhm.
I know exactly how that goes.
Yeah.
Yes. Can you see me? Can you see or hear me?
Okay. Um I'm 27 years old and it's interesting that we met baby. It's really interesting that we matched because I am also my mom's caretaker. And
has been battling breast cancer for the past 10 years and
cancer is man, fuck cancer. Excuse my french but
sucks. Um and then She was in her mission for like six months in 2014, came back and basically the cancer she has is fairly aggressive. So there isn't really uh it's just kind of like keep going until you can't anymore or until.
Mhm.
Titan,
And uh and then just, wow, and it's it's such a wild thing to go through Because you watch someone changed and then there's that level of uncertainty that is so that I've never felt before in my life, and even though it's been 10 years. it's like the first time you're hearing the diagnosis every time, like it's such a, I don't know, it's a weird place to be, but the cancer that is moving into her spine and caused a fracture, so she had um spinal cord surgery at the end of last year, thankfully, you know, she's still walking and all that stuff, but it's one of those things of, okay, so cancer is cancer, but then all the complications that come from it and the treatments, it's like a whole other disease on top of it and it's like oh my goodness
and
but at least you knew where it was coming from, it's
yeah, that has been a huge
lesson for me just realizing you can't take things personally because it's a battle that yeah, that you did, I I can't even I can't even try to imagine the battle that she's going through and the fact that even her attitude is actually really great, that's like I get sick and I know how I am when I'm sick and it's being a big big baby now, I can imagine going through chemo surgeries, uh physical therapy, all those things, but I guess you don't you don't know how strong you are until you're pushed I guess to that point, so
Yeah. Yeah.
No.
Welcome.
because it's
Well
and I think for the longest time I don't know why I didn't understand for just elderly people in general who are kind of slowing down and there are things that they shouldn't be doing like driving etcetera etcetera. I always used to be so critical like why? Like how is it that you don't understand that these are things that you just can't do anymore like but we're here to support you etcetera etcetera and then I realized it's like from such a young age we want that independence so badly. I wasn't even thinking about it is once you do get older and you start losing it of course you're going to start freaking out.
Thank
you
Two
Yeah, yep, yep. Yeah Wait, what is your zodiac sign? I'm curious now
your zodiac sign, Do you know it? By any chance
I'm a Taurus, So
when you said stubborn and hardheaded, I felt that in my chest
Yeah, my mom for sure. Oh my goodness, and it's funny the older I get, the more I'm just like, wow, people aren't kidding when they say that you kind of turn into your parents
or
not even turning parents, you're such an expression of who they are, I guess this is the better way to put
it.
which
my goodness, right there. Southern baptist or day in the minister.
well
Uh huh
huh,
Amen. Amen, That's the jesus I know as well and it's this is so wild that we got matched because I grew up, this is so funny in Minnesota. I grew up in a southern baptist church,
um Head pastor from Tennessee, his wife from Iowa and yeah, and it's funny because when I did go to church in texas, I was just like southern baptist in Minnesota, it's just, it's like an oxymoron, but
More
that we were the token to our family.
Mhm.
Yes. Mhm. Oh my goodness. Yes. And I guess it was in college when I finally, I guess quote unquote, left the church, I turned into that statistic of, I don't know, x amount of christians, once they go to college from age this and this, they just stop and I went through a period of time where I, I didn't, I didn't have faith, which was like a really dark period in my life. But now that I'm coming back to it, my understanding of God is exactly like yours. I know a god of love. I do not know a god
who is going to condone even if it's a terrorist killing them because we've been tasked with preserving life. So no,
the idea is we need to have understanding and I'm pro choice. Don't get me wrong on that aspect because I have a whole thought process on that. But yeah, I don't know. That's just how I feel.
Bakri.
And I saw, I saw like one of those infographics that put it into perspective of like how one man can father so many Children versus a woman. You can only carry as many as you have for like a year. So if we're really talking about preserving life and doing all of these things, technically it's the penis, figure that out, figure out out.
Oh, me too. Me too. Oh my goodness, me
too.
I
have. I
feel very scene
there's nothing worth in that checking up on someone you knew and had a relationship with and they had things to change and they're still the same after all those years.
gracious.
it
no.
Part
All right. Uh huh
paul.
uh
that's a word. That's a word because you can definitely feel someone's love, but you can also feel when they love themselves more than they love you in an unhealthy sense, in a like a narcissistic way, I guess.
Am I am so happy too. I'm so happy that we got matched because I was like, I mean, I figured no one would be mean or anything, but I also didn't know, obviously you don't know what the beliefs are going to be on the other side of the screen, but I am
Yes, it would have been so awkward and I'm in a relationship with a woman, so it would have been real
awkward. Thank you. Um We've been together for four years, four years, uh november 10th actually, so we just had our anniversary and uh
okay. So I know it's in five minutes and then they said to give it a couple extra just to make sure, I guess
it gets.
Oh yeah, and I'm do you, are you comfortable with me following you on instagram? It's cool if you say no, but
here I'll find you. I have my phone.
Okay. I'm gonna be all up in this
area.
Okay. How do you um
Okay. Um Mine is life A. U. X. P E
R T I S E.
Oh, don't worry. Life aux P
E R. T. I S E.
Yes, that's me. I don't know if you can even see. This
should be me. Cool. Yeah, I'll follow you back.
Yeah.
about it, but not sorry.
Mhm. It was that was the that was a very interesting thing for me because when I mean when they say come out, I think now as time has gone on, I'm just kind of like people just end up liking who they like really, that's what just happens. And when I came out to my your um I was so worried because we are I grew up very conservative for my big my childhood years, I went to a catholic church and then from a catholic church, went to a southern baptist church, so just there's a lot of
ingrained into our soul. It has, oh my gosh,
it's
going,
it's like a
lifetime of undoing it. Mhm.
Yes, it's been like a lot of just middle fingers to all these people who made me hate myself for so long for no reason.
Mhm. And the thing that's wild is like the bible and the word when you really look at it, it's a it's empowering, it's like the empowerment of us finding God within us, tapping into the strength of the God within us. So it's so weird that it turned into this bureaucratic ritualistic Power struggle and how that's affected us to this day, down to this day, it is 2020 and this shit's been happening forever.
Yeah.
No.
take
it with a greater
are not a grain of salt actually, just like you said, not so literally and not so static I guess.
you
got to protect yeah and you got to protect your energy, your piece, so it's better to be like, you know what, that's my boundary, I like that, that's my boundary if this is something we cannot talk about because clearly not on the same page, will never be on the same page and that's okay.
It
that is so
extra Oh my God.
Mhm.
Mhm.
me too. And I hope, I'm just hoping, I know for this year has been really transformative for a lot of people, a lot of self reflection and all those things and I'm hoping that majority of society, I mean I guess we're seeing this with biden being elected Is realizing that we were in a moment where everything is greater than us at the end of the day, it's kind of like we have to take care of our 86 year old mother. So sure things are wild, but there's something bigger that we're working towards and we need to chill on this stupid bullshit that's happening on like a micro level,
so fingers crossed.
Big.
that,
Food
Well,
And it's like I feel like we all got scammed at what point did life start becoming a competition because we all show up here and don't know what the hell is going on. Like how is it, you know I mean I guess that I understand it historically bores people taking over things blah blah blah blah blah blah. But when you think about it on the most basic level, it's like we do, we show up here as babies. We have no understanding of what's going on. And for us to choose this route of competition, of slaving away
at work of judgment of oh my goodness. It's so frustrating to think that they are these good old white boys who are so limited in there vision. Oh. Mm
hmm.
I do. Yes. Yes.
I
work
hungry.
Yeah.
And that has to be a hard now.
That's so true.
mm
And that is, that's a, that's something I'm still working on. Because I have to catch myself being like, wait a second. You're trying to hold on to this relationship. That's really toxic. You don't have to let go, let go, let go. Yeah.
No. Uh our preaching.
Mm Yeah. Well, thank you for imparting wisdom on me right now. I appreciate it.
I consider myself to be on the spectrum because I have dated men and then I have this is I guess my my third relationship with a woman that's been long, like, actually long term. And at first I was like, no, yeah, I'm gay. I'm gay. I'm gay. But the more I think about it, I'm just like, I I don't know. I think it's a spectrum. I just I just
now I'm
feeling where I'm feeling. Yeah.
we love the receptiveness. All right.
Well, yes, love is love. Well, it was fantastic talking to you were connected on instagram. So for sure we'll be chatting and I hope you have a lovely rest of your day and a great weekend.
Do you see the roughness of all of this? I was like, I haven't done my hair. I'm in PJS. It's three PM anyway.
I love
technology.
I love technology. Yeah.
All right. My dear Christy. Thank you for your time and we'll chat later.
Okay, for sure. All right. Bye.