I told you I'm in a meeting. I need a chair
many
and
yet. Mhm I'm so excited. I
finally,
I'm firing that
showed
up.
I don't know
the avenue here,
but
no, and it's terrible. And I'm like, man, that's like, I didn't like the prior around when they had, I think it was last month at some point. Well we're
doing it again and I was like, oh yeah,
I was gone. I know. I've been at home like all day and I mean like every day normally.
So
it's
not really, I do, I do go in the office like once or twice, but uh,
it's
just
you.
Yeah, no, I'm going tomorrow to get the mail because my boss, she's in Colorado at the moment. I have to get the mail.
Oh, I know. You know, I like going in, but also I don't like, so it's like the traffic is just terrible.
Well,
Yeah. Like we're like a, like a 16 story building and we're on 12 and 14 and then I don't want to go
in the elevator
with
other
people. No, I live in Atlanta. Yeah.
I worked like downtown Atlanta, but I live like in the suburbs. So I like drive there and then I go in an elevator to go upstairs
to the
uh, or they don't want to be a tiny like, you know, box with somebody.
Hello?
I mean, I'm not really do anything like exciting. I used to like, I used to go
to concerts all the time and what else do I go? All right. Like
my hobby.
Oh, like all my, like because I,
I
of course, like all of this can hold to you.
You know, I'm not only into politics.
huh. I don't want a few minutes. I think it was the vice president one and like that's just annoying. So like they'll go around the question
there even answer the question like one guy was asked, he has something about like how to improve the travel um in the United States, like somehow like after that and he didn't even answer that at all and he was just talking about like covid
and
like
yeah I will. We're having I heard the fly was later, although I had to google what happened? Because
I was like what
in the world?
Where is everyone? What did you see that even that one celebrity dressed up as a fly?
What's his name? He's done
with
gray hair.
I was like, oh my gosh, way
out of hand,
eventually have to vote, but I'm hoping like to wait a little bit so it calms down maybe.
I was pretty nice right now. It's like sunny. Uh I think it's like 60 ish degrees, but not like you can really long. So I mean, I'm like sweating in the house. I'm
like wearing a
teacher.
But
It's like fluctuating.
I know. I have a Halloween
shirt
when
I went to the
Wednesday and then I had
this
article
in
and it
was
wrong.
What?
Oh, I know.
So,
you know, I've been trying to like get into new hobbies because I watch way too many movies. It was like, I mean it's like not only do I sound like I'm only peter like all the time, right? So then I'm like, and then to just spend the rest of the evening at like watching movies, like my screen time is like
10 plus hours
like.
Like
Yeah. Oh, but I watch, let's see. I just finished
the 100.
100.
I like it. That was a good show though. But as far as movies, I watched that, like Hubie Halloween. I didn't really like it.
Like
I thought
was
too cheesy.
I feel
like it's like a
Yes. Our necklace. Mm Yes. I'm a
family in
it.
And then
yeah, it's okay. Like I love all the actors and
everything
is just
like, I don't know. Not another. Yeah. I'm Sandler has like, he did this weird like squeaky voice thing.
I don't like it.
I love
that
one.
Do you want that one? Have you seen? You know? I
like
that
one too.
Okay. I mean like I started it but like, I don't like, like crazy action, like a plot twist. Oh my gosh. Like kind of like gained the version.
I
love that
show.
Oh, I know. I finished it forever when I was a camera. Their names. But like I just love how like one of the twins like try
to kill the
other one and then she
took her.
I know. I'm like I love like oh my gosh like your heart is jumping until the next episode
came out.
You know?
I know I was parading you really good to on netflix. Kind of like that. It's like it's called Dead
To Me.
Have
you seen that
one?
Crazy. It's about this um
this
one
woman
killed
yeah, so this woman killed her husband and then she becomes friends with the
husband's wife
and then
we're
gonna
happen.
She
doesn't find out about it until later. It's
crazy. It isn't even worse. So like I want to of course
give it away. It's still good.
She does and she does revenge. It is so awesome, but I won't give it away.
Well, I love the crazy shit. You know my friends would ask me for movies, He's like all right Ashleigh, what's
next? I know you got good ones,
yeah. My dad like maybe Washington
episodes.
I thought
like
yeah.
Oh Hair of I really like watching like the Supergirl and like what is that other one? The guy a Flash.
I feel like they've got like half track so
I'm like
You
know
Yourself.
my goodness. Yeah but answering back around to the cooking uh Let's see. I made uh some my cooking abilities is only a breakfast and
pasta. So I've been experimenting so I made a cordon bleu chicken
which actually turned
out
pretty good.
And then uh and then this weekend I want to do pasta chicken and then bake it kind of like a lasagna
type
thing.
we'll see how it goes.
Two. No, I was just gonna, I bought Ragu.
I went by one time too and that was really good. But I did not make the podcast. I like went to go to publix to go buy it. It was funny. I found out my ex on
me that day. Yeah. Oh
you know what the best part was is uh weekends ago I saw him again and he texted me and she's like, what are
the odds? I've run into
twice. And I was like,
wait
a minute. Where
did you run into me?
Yeah, well I was at best buy because I wanted to buy a new light switch to power on and off, like my room for my phone and then he still happened to be there
and
I turned
around I saw him and he was just one of the older Yeah, he
was by himself. He's running out the door. And it's like, and I knew it was because he sent me a text and he's like, what are the odds? I've run into my accident and her mom.
You know, I don't think you could have said hi, like
nothing
wrong.
Yeah, a little bit. But it's funny and now he like send me names every day. It's like, do
we broke up? What are you doing?
I think I said something like cool.
I
don't
know.
Yeah. And he was like, well stop talking to you now. You're only getting one word
responses.
So it's it's just funny.
No. Right.
Well, I know we're just like laughing because we like saw him well, she was the only song first and she's like, hey, I think that's well. And I was like, wait a minute, what? And that was going around the aisles to like, of course try and find a switch, you know? And then like around, I saw back of his head and walking out and was like, I think that is him. So he has like the spiky hair thing going on. Yeah.
What the visual, you know, like, I don't know what he does here. It's weird. He like puts
like way too much hair gel, you know? And
if he doesn't, it goes like this, you
know,
fine.
Yeah, I know. Actually watch this funny like buzzfeed video of like woman, my gel later, like trying to like love of their hair or something. It was so funny.
Yeah. Women, it's like they were trying to see like if they could like poof up the hair something, although my hair goes down so I don't really, it wasn't
really effective of course.
You know, like if I really want to like fluff on my hair, maybe I'm just like volume
miser or something,
you
know?
yeah, all the
time.
What
was
it again?
Yeah, I've
seen so many ads, you know, I started the save section to put like
things
I might want to buy or try or we're gonna travel eventually. You know, I'm like, wait, like our pictures, I want to attempt to pose, I am terrible opposing. Like you tell me to like stand there, take a picture. I'll just be
like a, like a log, you know,
very much
the army. Yeah, actually
I did
few of those.
I'm
like,
it was fun. It was so cool with an iphone, I don't have an iphone, but it's like they had it like upwards and like
they
like flip and I did like, you
know,
you know,
I've never thought of that. You know, you have like the Eiffel Tower or something in the background or
trying
to
beginning
with what we, you know, like, like real page to start swiping. I could be on there for hours. Yeah,
I'm not, I don't want to join like anymore, like personally a things. Although I watch a
lot
of tic tacs on instagram,
that's
my order.
Well I only, I maybe Snapchat like three people in there, but I do have a lot of people on there.
I
don't know.
You
don't know. Well
Oh exactly. And I like to the instagram, you know, stories on top. I'll just post like to get more views anyway, so you've got like more followers on there,
so not Jack and what has it to, although
nobody
really uses that facebook, you're gonna know because some of my uh I follow us on my mom's friends and then like had stuff on top and I'm like this is so weird.
I still have a facebook, like everybody has facebook, you know?
And I'm like where's eric Saw? My mom's
friends would
like
to see me.
So
yeah, you know, and then I'll check my grandma and like all her
friends,
you
know, we'll see
pictures
of
me.
You know, I was debating what to do because it's like shows like a cloud with a thunderbolt for like this weekend. So normally I stay in uh but um yeah, not really much, although monday I I have a lot of occasion left, so I asked for monday off and grandma and I are going to go to a winery that's an hour away.
I never heard of the town. It's like called Russell Town. It's like an hour away from Atlanta. So
we'll see how that
goes
well. That's
great.
Yes, she's like whatever their,
yeah, I live at home like for now just fine and everything was like, if I live by myself like boring,
you know?
Oh, probably me. Um I remind you for a
car to my sister, so we need to eventually get ground
granted at the moment of shit. Where needs
one?
So yeah, are you doing anything or just one in new york?
Yeah, because you would make a bit of a covid
test.
I
know,
I'm
like,
imagine
that.
Yeah. You know like my friend, like she is, she went to a graduation for sister for the University of Georgia and I'm like, yeah, I'm not seeing you for like at least two weeks Lavagna and I hope not too so.
Bad.
thomas.
I heard that expensive. I went to go get, what's it called? The covid test with the blood of antibody test. I was just curious. I felt like I was like negative positive if I like maybe and I'm sort of immune to
it.
Maybe I was hoping. No, I was negative, but like they charged my insurance over
$300 for that test
that
greatly
here.
An urgent care.
Yeah. And it's crazy. And then like when I charged me $200 for it, but I've never gone a bill. So like I hope I don't get George for it, but
I guess
we'll
see.
No, no, no, I'm not like they don't like my work, told me not to worry about it because I never received a bill, but like all my contacts
like,
my gosh,
sound
I'm
not wearing
Well.
Oh, I know. I feel we're next like every week. I just see that one friend because I know she's my only friend who's like sort of taking this seriously, right?
So, so we have like a lot of people writing, which is totally fine, but it's just her mask. I was laughing because I was like, I was I was going to avenue and of course, like one side of the intersection and the other one knows for biden. But they're all being friendly about it and they're all like six ft
apart,
which was nice
and
not wearing master, you know?
But I just thought one of them want to say bye and then like the like B. Y. E. Which I thought was so creative and there's a homeless guy and it's a dump truck and I was like this is too funny like being away for this to go over.
I realized it.
pretty please.
I was
fine.
Yeah, I mean I went to one day but I went
to new york december
18.
uh
no it was two years ago. And so it was really when we went for like christmas, you know like we flew in like my mom is crazy, she'll book like four like flights at six a.m. So of course like you got to be up at like three in the morning. Uh but we flew to new york and then she's like cluster of everything. So like of course we went skating and then then uh we saw everything, you know? And then at night we saw the rock cats and then the next day do a whole tour again and then you did a broadway show
Wicked, it was
so
good.
And so
man, I would like see one
every day if I lived in new york until it's almost
oh I know mom like because this was like my surprise for mom, but like mom also just like stuff I was like, so I was like, so if someone was saying as you are, could you still happen to buy a get a hotel and uh just feels like what it was crazy like because you know, new
york
super expensive
in december. So I kind of find hotel and I know someone who lives there and actually stay at his place, but then that's weird for my mom to stay. And so I was like, let me just get hotel and there was like $500 a night, like every hotel they're finding.
And
I'm like
that's crazy right? See my mom's like uh I don't care but like she's like uh
so she's
about 300 nothing. But it's literally a shoebox.
No.
Yeah. I love food. So I was like Googling like what whole foods they places of course together. Mm I drive my mom like all the way around because I wanted to get these like tiny muffins. It was kind of like some, I think it was baked
by melissa. I think it's called.
they
were. But I want to try them. Pretty
so
cute.
Oh I see. I want to try this too. But actually I totally forgot it was there. There's like this thing that's like giant like chocolate chip cookie. Oh it's like it starts with an L. It's cookie plate. Yeah.
Nothing
around. It's like
it's always on like a
proud
and I love you want to order it online but then it costs $50 for like a six pack of cookies. The ship here. And if that's just breaking my heart to like pay that much money to ship cookies here. Yeah that
one.
So and then I also wanted to go to this um really cool cafe that like that they sing and dance on bars and he was like Ellen or something,
you know?
the lines look out the door is ridiculous. So and
I get a chance to eat there.
Yeah exactly. Next time my
cover is over.
I know I'm so hard. Probably I'm supposed to go to europe like
three times this year.
You're right.
Oh yeah I was gonna go to Denmark for work because our company is based there and I'm gonna do we can trip to
Spain on the way
back.
I love Spain, I would like to go there for a weekend, just a shop if I could. And then I'm going to go
to paris in august with grandma, I kid you not like someone who's telling me not to go to paris because this is the second time I booked paris and it's been canceled because we're gonna go in 18 and then there was writing, so
like we had to cancel it. And then in december I was gonna go to Germany and
Austria.
That's right.
of course.
Now I
have
like,
check,
I could have, you know, actually um well not this boss, but like my previous boss had like huge cow because I booked a two week cruise in the mediterranean
last year and it was going to like Spain France and Italy and it was so fun and everything but it's so and I'm an accountant. So uh we're closing our books in May and I put it in May. And so of course my boss was like oh my God, you know my mom is crazy. So she booked the flights from Miami to Atlanta to Madrid, Well we live in Atlanta. I want to fly to Miami and then fly from Miami back to Atlanta.
I work today. And then and then the rest
yeah, every $100,000 doing that was crazy just flying out of Miami. So which is ridiculously and they don't let you skip like the first portion. You know the Miami to stand apart because they're like oh your luggage is have to be in Miami. I know it's ridiculous.
So
I guess it's crazy though, you know? Mm
I know just what that what I used to do you know? I just wanted to because like we all used to go to, my friend would invite me every friday to at this bar. It's crazy like they have this V. I. P. Thing going on where we bring 10 people you get like a gift card so every friday
some kid and like our
yeah I would have like this V. I. P. Thing, it was like let's go, you know half off drinks. So we always go and I would always get annoyed every friday. I'm like oh there's another one and now I'm like oh man what I would do to kill to do
another thing
like that
with the progress is being used for drinks,
wow. So um I had it once and I got a $50 gift card because I brought a few people. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah,
of course. I still have those gift cars, is it?
I'm not I don't want to pay
attention
to the time.
Thank
you.
yeah, No, it's
been fun.
That's working
with
you.
Yeah, I know me too. And I was like, oh my God, show
Anyways have a
best
rest of your life
and everything
with.
Well,
Yeah. You too.