SPEAKER_L: that's good. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Oh my gosh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Can you hear me okay?
SPEAKER_L: Can you hear me?
SPEAKER_R: Yes I can.
SPEAKER_L: They call?
SPEAKER_R: How are you?
SPEAKER_L: Good. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: Good. My name is linda,
SPEAKER_L: huh. You see the woman jobs? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: me your name again
SPEAKER_L: Angelica.
SPEAKER_R: and Angelica. It's pretty.
SPEAKER_L: you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So how are you doing? You enjoying your summer?
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing good. I mean there's not much to do since they're like all quarantine but I'm just staying home. What about you?
SPEAKER_R: I just got back from a week at the beach.
SPEAKER_L: Oh the place?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I mean it was different you know we didn't really, we just pretty much went to the beach. We could go to dinner one night and my husband and I went fishing one day just on a boat with the captain and him and I so we did get to do that. We went to um outer Banks which is north Carolina and if you're familiar with it I'm not sure where you but
SPEAKER_L: netflix show. Well it's not okay.
SPEAKER_R: I'm in pennsylvania so it's about 67-hour drive for us to get there. So so we did that for the week and just got home yesterday. So so it was fun. Are you going to get away this summer
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: at all or?
SPEAKER_L: the plan is just to stay at home when like California and like this is a pretty bad here. So I'd just rather stay at home.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah We've been pretty much staying home from like february March on and we had this trip planned back in january I guess december january. So We did. There were 13 of us that shared a house.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Oh my gosh that's a lot of people. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So we pretty much just spent the day at the beach and then have dinner in at night and play games and did puzzles and um it's just different. But it was the first time I ever went to Outer Banks
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: several.
SPEAKER_L: would you like it?
SPEAKER_R: I loved it. Yeah, I really liked it. It's different. It's not there's it's not real commercial like we used to go to like Myrtle Beach.
SPEAKER_L: I know that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's real commercial and they have big areas where you can shop and there's like maybe miniature golf and rides and where Outer Banks doesn't have that. They have little where there's a little town called Duck. There's a little shopping areas there you can
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: go
SPEAKER_L: true.
SPEAKER_R: to. Yeah. So you say you're in California?
SPEAKER_L: I live like an hour away from san Francisco. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I guess the um Our governor has said if you've traveled I think there's 12 or 14 states. You're supposed to quarantine for 14 days. And one of the states is North Carolina where we just went. So I haven't, I was supposed to play pickleball tonight if you know what pickleball is. But I was supposed to play that tonight and I went back and met three of my friends at the court and then we had a storm here so we didn't get to play. But pickleball is just played on a tennis court. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And the ball is like a whiffle ball,
SPEAKER_L: Me.
SPEAKER_R: it has holes in it
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: and the pack
SPEAKER_L: jay. And it's
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: like flat paddle.
SPEAKER_R: and yet the paddles like a big ping pong paddle.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Okay. I know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah and that the court is smaller, you can play on a tennis court, but typically there's different lines for pickleball because it's everything is just smaller. So I want to play that that's, you know, probably all I'll do in the next couple of weeks until we see what my daughters would like to go away somewhere. But with timing, my one daughter is a school teacher, I'm not sure when she's, if she's going to go back into the classroom in the fall. And then my other daughter is um, one field work, she's going to be an occupational therapist.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh that's good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, and she's, she's fieldwork this summer so she can get it finished in time. We might try to take a week in august and go away again if we can just
SPEAKER_L: What is
SPEAKER_R: didn't
SPEAKER_L: her your
SPEAKER_R: know what
SPEAKER_L: field work and?
SPEAKER_R: right now she's doing what they call mental health rotation. And she's going to a shalom house, which is for women from domestic situations, they might be homeless or there might be a domestic situation with a husband or something. So it's like a safe haven.
SPEAKER_L: Lastly.
SPEAKER_R: And then and then she goes to a house Where there's 10 men that live there and they all have had some mental issues. And so it she has to do what's called the mental health rotation that she she finished her fifth year of school. And this is her last what they call field work that she has to finish before she can take her boards and get a job. Like last summer she did a rotation in the hospital in Delaware. She was there for 12 weeks and actually did hands on with maybe a stroke victim. One of the guys had lost part of his leg in a industrial accident. So she worked with him and um so then she'll be done. So she'll be are you in college or?
SPEAKER_L: Um Yeah I'm a first year in college. I'm going into my second year and I asked about her field work because occupational therapy is one of my possible like career interests. So yeah I'm also interested in mental health counseling and thought
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. She went into a college with a five year program so she'll have her masters.
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's good.
SPEAKER_R: Yes she actually they didn't have a graduate, they did an online graduation in May and then she'll finish her fieldwork in august and then um then she officially can take her boards and then she has a job offer already. So uh
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: yeah she works at a rehab hospital now um as like a rehab aid. And they've offered her job for whenever she can get her boards done which are probably september october so she has a job in the area. Yeah but
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: she was to work with elderly older people and she talked about getting her certificate in acupuncture so she could combine that some way with occupational therapy. So and she talked about don't travel therapy where you go
SPEAKER_L: it's.
SPEAKER_R: And worked for three months and then they send you another place for three months. And she's talked about element as well so we'll see you know, so but it's it's a good seal to get into. There's a lot of physical therapists as well, you know. Um you didn't have to declare a major than for college yet or.
SPEAKER_L: no I mean I I'm a sociology measure right now. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Do you go to college close to home then or?
SPEAKER_L: So I live in like the Bay Area but I go to school in L. A. Go to U. C. L. A. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: wow.
SPEAKER_L: we got sent home so our first you got cut short and like I'm not even going to return to live back at the school for my second year so I'm just taking a gap year. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, she was lucky. She graduated last year with her bachelor so she was able to experience a typical college graduation. But when you do your masters, they do a hooding ceremony and that's more what she missed than anything. But they rescheduled the graduation for homecoming weekend in october But I don't know if it's going to happen depending, you know, and she went to college only about 30 miles away from where we live. So she came home I guess sometime in March is when they send all the kids home and she finished her work online and and in the fifth year there's a lot of research so it didn't impact her as much as like she had had classroom stuff to do and everything. So um But yeah, I think she's anxious to get done and get a job um
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: then decide, you know how long she wants to, I'm hoping she doesn't move away, but you know, it's she's got to do it, she's got to do, her roommate's been coming here and staying with us during the week. They're doing the field work together,
SPEAKER_L: Our what
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: happened?
SPEAKER_R: the roommate comes and stays with us during the week. Um And they're planning to, I think she said this week they're going to do it and if you've ever seen the show minute to win it
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: and they gave
SPEAKER_L: afternoon,
SPEAKER_R: you like you have
SPEAKER_L: let's
SPEAKER_R: to do
SPEAKER_L: go.
SPEAKER_R: you might have to bounce like a the ping pong, ping pong ball in a cup or and they time you so she's going to do with that with some of the men at the Safe Haven house that, but she said we were looking for ping pong balls and she's going to do something with balloons. And so so they have that kind of stuff to get done and they made um constable mask with the men. They got some t shirts and they've done that kind of stuff. But the men, some of them have had drug issues, some of them are schizophrenic and um so trying to teach them like the one she was asking me about, the one man gets disability and like do you pay tax on that? So she's trying to help him budget his money. So they're doing that kind of stuff with this, with this field work. So, um, have you ever visited the East Coast at all?
SPEAKER_L: No, I've never
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: been to the East Coast
SPEAKER_R: no, wow.
SPEAKER_L: go like once all of this dies down. That's scary
SPEAKER_R: It's Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that we don't even know when things are going to go back to normal. It was probably the new normal for a good few years. Which sucks.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. My husband and I are both retired. Um and we spent the month of january in florida and then we took a cruise for five days the beginning of february and then we came back and that's when things
SPEAKER_L: On
SPEAKER_R: really started happening.
SPEAKER_L: on stage.
SPEAKER_R: So then, um, it's been hard because now we're retired and there's really a lot we can do. You know, we probably would have taken another trip in the spring if it hadn't been for the coded breaking out and and everything. So we're just anxious to, like you said, what's going to be the new normal? And our governor just said that until there's a vaccine will be wearing mask,
SPEAKER_L: You in there
SPEAKER_R: you know, And then you get into the politics that I don't know. I just
SPEAKER_L: with money? Everything is boiling down right now
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. It is. It's
SPEAKER_L: cheap.
SPEAKER_R: uh I just wanted to I don't know how is your state as far as outbreaks and stuff like that that has seen an increase with things reopening and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like we reopened I think like last month and then things just kind of went down the toilet. Yeah. And
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: then I know like around the country like places are re closing. It's just maybe we should
SPEAKER_R: Initiative.
SPEAKER_L: have never opened back up in the first place. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: That's wrong. Yeah. My daughter, she she's got a puppy and we just she got it last week when we were away. So we just wanted her to see it and she was talking to her neighbor about, you know when she goes back to school she's hoping to have a dog trained to stay in. It's great. Um And she said if I go back to school because you just don't know. It's I just hate to see like kids your age and my daughter is living through this. I like compare it to like 9 11, which you were probably so young when that happened that my daughters were too young to really understand. But like I kind of compare this to that like like the impact it has on your mind and your anxiety and everything and so I hate to see like young kids have to live through it and the uncertainty of it and being afraid of getting sick and so so hopefully, I mean nobody in my family has gotten sick and you know, we've been pretty good about not going out and doing things and trying to stay home and um you know, it's just just a different world. So how far are you from like actually san Francisco downtown?
SPEAKER_L: On like I live in the East Bay area and it's like san Francisco is like an hour
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: and a half I would say. Yeah. And like I live in a suburb so it's not
SPEAKER_R: you know it.
SPEAKER_L: like complete chaos where I live but still have like I have the
SPEAKER_R: Mark.
SPEAKER_L: amount of coronavirus cases and my dad is a nurse too. So, so that's what I'm like taking extra measures just to stay at home so that I don't put him or myself that is
SPEAKER_R: Right. Has he worked with covid patients?
SPEAKER_L: um he's worked with like suspected covid cute but like I remember when the outbreak was like on starting
SPEAKER_R: Start.
SPEAKER_L: to happen in America, he was telling me like that it was suspected about his for workers hard Conrad. I don't know. It was just a scary time and it sucks that like if you're living in scary time just for a really all the time.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Or it is, it's, I don't know, I don't want it to, I don't want my kids to have to live through it, but you know, we're safe and we're trying to stay healthy and um it's hard to not want to get out and do stuff and um yeah, and then all the protesting stuff started up and that was on top of all this. I don't know how much in your area that was luckily our Harrisburg is our capital city of pennsylvania, which is very, very small compared to even like philadelphia, Pittsburgh. But there were some protests, but luckily everything stay pretty calm and no issues there. So do you work over the summer or do you take classes where?
SPEAKER_L: So right now like I'm literally just staying at home trying to pass by the time.
SPEAKER_R: Dawn dawn surveys online. Huh?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, exactly. Because it's like my dad was like if you're not in school right now then you're not going to have a job. Like you're either going to be in school and have a job or you're
SPEAKER_R: Wait,
SPEAKER_L: gonna do neither or you won't live underneath my roof.
SPEAKER_R: you were.
SPEAKER_L: I'm like gonna, since I'm thinking I got there from my university, I'm just going to be taking classes at my local community college once fall
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: semester starts and then
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: I'll get a job Since like I will finally let me when somebody
SPEAKER_R: very,
SPEAKER_L: is.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I know. Um we're close to Hershey pennsylvania like the Hershey chocolate bar and it's a real big amusement park here. And so many of the kids like high school and even college age kids rely on Hersheypark for work and they just opened up july 1st and normally they're open from easter weekends through easter and then I think the first weekend in May they typically open for weekends until Memorial Day. Well they just opened July one because of all the shutdown and stuff. So I think of all the kids that like rely on that money and just just didn't open yet. I mean it's just really unfortunate. Really unfortunate. Can I ask you kind of a personal question
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: or are you adopted
SPEAKER_L: Me.
SPEAKER_R: or your parents asian?
SPEAKER_L: No, I my family's filipino. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: because my
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: daughters are chinese china. When I saw your face I was like oh my gosh I wonder if she's adopted. And and that's because I did one of these surveys before and the girl was and she was korean. And when like when her face popped up it almost reminded me of my one daughter. And then I saw your face. I was like oh my gosh, another asian girls. So I was just just kind of um ironic I guess that you know? But yeah my my daughters are both adopted from china. So
SPEAKER_L: How many
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: is a partner? Them?
SPEAKER_R: There were 18, 18 months apart in age but two years apart in school because of the way their birthdays fall. We didn't we didn't adopt them at the same time. They adopted at different times and they're not biological sisters, they weren't from the same parents in china. So
SPEAKER_L: What legend was adopting?
SPEAKER_R: So my husband, I didn't get married till we were in our 30s and then you know I just couldn't get pregnant. And my sister had gotten information through her church about adopting from china. So we went to a media orientation about it and that night my husband said I want to do this and so we adopted in August of 1995, we got my older daughter and then in December of 96 we got my younger daughter. So um my older daughter was only five months old when we got her. And then my younger daughter was 15 months old when we got her said she was walking and speaking Chinese and stuff, but we traveled to china both times um to bring him home. So good good girls. I mean really really, really lucky, you know. So um but yeah, they they were good kids, good kids. So do you do you follow like you see already football and stuff like that, Do you like the sports and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I've been to the sports games. Oh my gosh, like honestly the basketball games are so much more fun. Yeah. And like our whole team this year was absolutely just josh. We were not good. People just go to the games just to go to the tailgates and just drink and go crazy. Yeah, but more photos are so fine.
SPEAKER_R: Penn State's big here. That's what everybody I've been to maybe to Penn State games. But that's our areas big Penn State fans. Um It's the Penn State's about maybe an hour and a half drive from where I live. So a lot of people from here go up and tailgate and have season tickets. And I mean my daughters had friends in high school that it was era Penn State or nothing. It was almost like a like a call and I don't know I don't know if you see that like in California with like U. C. L. A. And
SPEAKER_L: your
SPEAKER_R: stuff.
SPEAKER_L: first
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: name?
SPEAKER_R: it's because because my husband, I didn't go to college. We didn't have me, like some people say you know I went to Penn State. My kids have to go to Penn State where my husband I didn't go to college. So we didn't have that connection. So when they talked about college, we, you know, we didn't say, well, you got to go here because we didn't go to college. I went to community college for some credits in paralegal. But um, You know, we didn't go to traditional, we've got
SPEAKER_L: Two.
SPEAKER_R: jobs right out of high school and did fairly well, you know, without having to go to college. In fact, you know, 40 years ago, I didn't think half the kids from my class went to college. I mean, it's just, this is different back then. There were jobs to get that. You didn't need a college. I had a fairly good job and my husband did too. So I mean, we looked out with that. But but yeah, my daughter went to a state school And then she would sometimes see like her friends at Division one football games. And sometimes I think maybe I should have gone to a bigger college where you know, I couldn't go into those football games. But
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: then
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: other times I don't know like Penn State and I'm sure you lock the campuses are just huge. And she came from a small town where she never had to ride a bus or probably transportation. So to go to a the college like that and have to learn public transportation and getting around. I just think she,
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: my daughter just did not want to be bothered with it. She was better at a smaller school and she went to school. My older daughter went to school outside philadelphia. So um it worked out for her and she got her our state education colleges are really good for education major. So and the cost is a lot better than the private school. So it worked out for her.
SPEAKER_L: What grade does she teach your other woman?
SPEAKER_R: Um she had 56th grade learning support, special education. And now this year coming up she just have sixth grade because the fifth graders are going to stay down to the elementary school one more year rather than coming up to their middle school. So she'll have sixth grade english. She teaches, but she she's just learning support. So um it's tough. It's tough. Did you go to a public school where you're at?
SPEAKER_L: I want to have public school on a night.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: Lucy likes a public university too.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Did you play any sports in school?
SPEAKER_L: Hell no.
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: The fourth kind of person like I
SPEAKER_R: music.
SPEAKER_L: am growing up. But yeah the more musically inclined I guess. What about your kids and yourself? What are you you and your hobbies?
SPEAKER_R: um I play pickleball uh like the right bike like to travel. I try to read but I get too distracted. I think I'd give sometimes too.
SPEAKER_L: Why not do too?
SPEAKER_R: I took a book to the beach with us and I think opened at one time, but I like to do puzzles and um crash a some, you know, so just I'm retired so I can do whatever I want whenever I want to have to answer to anybody. So that's, I worked for judge for judges for 35 years as the secretary. That's what I did hard to retiring.
SPEAKER_L: When did you retire? Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: this past december was a year, so like this coming december over two years and my husband just retired in january inside a year into and what we, we downsize our house where we don't have to take care of the yard anymore or or shovel snow. Um
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: So that if we, so
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: that if that if we would go away, we wouldn't have to worry about anybody shoveling if my daughter was stolen at home because we had pretty big property. There's a lot of shoveling when it's no, do you get snow where you're at?
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: I used to live in Illinois like I love and one of the main reasons like my family wanted to get out and moved to California was was because of this
SPEAKER_R: As
SPEAKER_L: time. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Remember it's like We had a blizzard in 2011 and the snow literally piled up to our group the top
SPEAKER_R: The top.
SPEAKER_L: of our garage, wow.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. We had a very mild winter this past year. Um We were like I said we were away the whole month of january in florida. But I don't know that like where we live now like they pay, people would come in and shovel this now. I don't think they came in one time all winter. We just didn't have that much. And then the prior year, you know there was times we got like a foot of snow and then if you lived in Illinois, you know what it's like, you know, so we're just we're just glad we're at a place that if it snows we just stay in until they clear things out and walter. Well they do our yard for us to have to worry about any of that now. And we want a debt for when we retired so we could go away and not worry about things. So um but now can't go, can't go anywhere. I'm hoping next year we're going to do january february in florida for two months. And then I thought like in March we would head west like maybe go into new Orleans and maybe through texas. Maybe go to the Grand Canyon, going to New Mexico and Arizona. And if we get as far as California, I've done a lot of traveling before I got married and settled down. I've taken to cross country trips and stuff. So I've seen a lot of things that my husband hasn't. So you know, hopefully good to the Grand Canyon and
SPEAKER_L: Where's your place that you've traveled?
SPEAKER_R: part of the caribbean like
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: maybe
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: saint
SPEAKER_L: gonna
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: lie.
SPEAKER_R: ST thomas and the islands down their bellies and Bermuda. We just went to Bermuda last um october
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: on a cruise of the Baltimore Maryland. We got on a cruise ship and spent 2.5 days in bermuda. And that's just, it's just pristine. It's just so clean and
SPEAKER_L: certain.
SPEAKER_R: so it's just, we went to the beach one day, just just absolutely beautiful. So I'd probably say the carrier. I like Disney world, my daughter. Um Disney world in florida. My daughter. My older daughter wants to go back and I hoped we could go in june like when she was done with school that maybe her and I could fly down for four or five days because my husband doesn't want to go, My younger daughter doesn't want to go the net fell through because of Covid. So whether we'll try that next year, I'm not sure. But, but I like I like to go Disney. I we haven't been there probably 15 years. Are you there?
SPEAKER_L: Sorry accident. You don't want to my bookmarks. No, No,
SPEAKER_R: Um, but I've been to Disneyland and I got to go to the Rose Rose Bowl Party eight and game.
SPEAKER_L: How'd you like that?
SPEAKER_R: Um It was pretty cool. There was a band from our area who was going and some of the parents were going to see their kids marching the Rose Bowl parade. So I went my parents went and I went was probably 2040 35, 40 years ago I went to that. So I think it's cool to see the parade once. I wasn't really into college football so it didn't that didn't really matter to me but we got we got to go to Disneyland and maybe Universal when we were out there you see there's a Universal in California right? Universal Studios. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Baby.
SPEAKER_R: What's up?
SPEAKER_L: It's in bourbon coffee.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, yeah, we got to go to that do that. But I traveled, A friend of mine, High school friend did an internship in San Francisco for like six months. So then I went out to visit her at the end of her internship and then we went down to san Diego, just backpack on her back, went to san Diego. Um I think we're yeah and then I think we just, I flew home and she stayed for a little bit longer than I've been to san Francisco, you're familiar with men to see now which is north
SPEAKER_L: bob.
SPEAKER_R: of san Francisco.
SPEAKER_L: I don't think so.
SPEAKER_R: Just so picturesque. I'm trying to think when I got up there because I always said if I get married I went to honey honey who would invent a female
SPEAKER_L: What issues
SPEAKER_R: but it's it's north of north of san Francisco wow
SPEAKER_L: is it like?
SPEAKER_R: I'm not sure
SPEAKER_L: Let's
SPEAKER_R: we're counting.
SPEAKER_L: help each million area.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I just remember is right on the right on the coast and you know just have you ever been up into Washington and Oregon? No.
SPEAKER_L: You had a traveling water?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. My my younger daughter's travel a lot. She went to Ireland to study her. She studied for a semester in Ireland and we got to go over and visit and stayed 12 days while she was over there. But she got the she got to Scotland, she got to
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: France, she dated a boy from France for two years so she got to go over and visit him a couple of times. Where else did she go? But once you're in europe It's so inexpensive to fly from one country to another. You can fly,
SPEAKER_L: Or
SPEAKER_R: you can fly from like London to Paris for like $30. So she did a lot of traveling and she's over there. Yeah, she and then the boyfriend was in Montreal up in Canada. So she went up there a couple of times and then they just broke up in february so
SPEAKER_L: Please
SPEAKER_R: he might, I guess he's going back to France. I don't know what's going to happen but it's just too hard because they didn't get to see each other but maybe once or twice a year and I think she was just so over it. So she they broke up there I guess they were mad at each other. Just didn't wasn't going to work. He wanted to come
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: to the States and do his doctorate. But she she said don't come here for me because I'm done. You know what time is it? I didn't see what time he started mine. Oh yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: We've been on 25 minutes and I don't want to keep you on if you want to be done. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: It's nice
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: talking to
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: here
SPEAKER_R: Good luck with your schooling and
SPEAKER_L: so much. I hope you guys stay safe and
SPEAKER_R: too. You too. You got it all figured out.
SPEAKER_L: I know. I hope so
SPEAKER_R: We'll see you then. Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: now.
SPEAKER_R: Hey good night. Bye bye.