that's good. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Oh my gosh. Yeah.
Can you hear me?
They call?
Good. How are you?
huh. You see the woman jobs? Okay.
Angelica.
you. Yeah.
I'm doing good. I mean there's not much to do since they're like all quarantine but I'm just staying home. What about you?
Oh the place?
netflix show. Well it's not okay.
No
the plan is just to stay at home when like California and like this is a pretty bad here. So I'd just rather stay at home.
Yeah. Oh my gosh that's a lot of people. Yeah.
Well
would you like it?
I know that.
that's
true.
I live like an hour away from san Francisco. Yeah.
Yeah.
Me.
All
jay. And it's
like flat paddle.
Yeah. Okay. I know.
Oh my gosh that's good.
What is
her your
field work and?
Lastly.
Um Yeah I'm a first year in college. I'm going into my second year and I asked about her field work because occupational therapy is one of my possible like career interests. So yeah I'm also interested in mental health counseling and thought
Oh that's good.
huh.
Mhm.
it's.
no I mean I I'm a sociology measure right now. Mhm.
So I live in like the Bay Area but I go to school in L. A. Go to U. C. L. A. Yeah
we got sent home so our first you got cut short and like I'm not even going to return to live back at the school for my second year so I'm just taking a gap year. Mhm.
Okay.
Our what
happened?
I think
afternoon,
let's
go.
No, I've never
been to the East Coast
go like once all of this dies down. That's scary
that we don't even know when things are going to go back to normal. It was probably the new normal for a good few years. Which sucks.
On
on stage.
You in there
with money? Everything is boiling down right now
cheap.
Yeah. Like we reopened I think like last month and then things just kind of went down the toilet. Yeah. And
then I know like around the country like places are re closing. It's just maybe we should
have never opened back up in the first place. Mhm.
On like I live in the East Bay area and it's like san Francisco is like an hour
and a half I would say. Yeah. And like I live in a suburb so it's not
like complete chaos where I live but still have like I have the
amount of coronavirus cases and my dad is a nurse too. So, so that's what I'm like taking extra measures just to stay at home so that I don't put him or myself that is
um he's worked with like suspected covid cute but like I remember when the outbreak was like on starting
to happen in America, he was telling me like that it was suspected about his for workers hard Conrad. I don't know. It was just a scary time and it sucks that like if you're living in scary time just for a really all the time.
So right now like I'm literally just staying at home trying to pass by the time.
Yeah, exactly. Because it's like my dad was like if you're not in school right now then you're not going to have a job. Like you're either going to be in school and have a job or you're
gonna do neither or you won't live underneath my roof.
I'm like gonna, since I'm thinking I got there from my university, I'm just going to be taking classes at my local community college once fall
semester starts and then
I'll get a job Since like I will finally let me when somebody
is.
Yeah. Go ahead.
Me.
No, I my family's filipino. Yeah.
It's
How many
is a partner? Them?
What legend was adopting?
Yeah. I've been to the sports games. Oh my gosh, like honestly the basketball games are so much more fun. Yeah. And like our whole team this year was absolutely just josh. We were not good. People just go to the games just to go to the tailgates and just drink and go crazy. Yeah, but more photos are so fine.
your
first
name?
Two.
Thank
you.
What?
What grade does she teach your other woman?
I want to have public school on a night.
Lucy likes a public university too.
Hell no.
The fourth kind of person like I
am growing up. But yeah the more musically inclined I guess. What about your kids and yourself? What are you you and your hobbies?
Why not do too?
When did you retire? Uh huh
Well
no.
No
I used to live in Illinois like I love and one of the main reasons like my family wanted to get out and moved to California was was because of this
time. Yeah.
Remember it's like We had a blizzard in 2011 and the snow literally piled up to our group the top
of our garage, wow.
Where's your place that you've traveled?
I'm
not
gonna
lie.
Mhm.
certain.
Sorry accident. You don't want to my bookmarks. No, No,
How'd you like that?
Yeah. Baby.
It's in bourbon coffee.
bob.
I don't think so.
What issues
is it like?
Let's
help each million area.
You had a traveling water?
Well,
Or
Please
What?
Yeah.
Mhm.
That
it's
here
so much. I hope you guys stay safe and
I know. I hope so
now.