well. Cool. So camera and like her fun are on and I'm just kinda weak. Hi.
What?
Can you hear Me too? Cool, so good morning. I don't know if it's morning for you.
too. It's not too early in the morning but I definitely slept really late last night. So very drug here right now.
Whoa. It's a call.
No, I like read this survey thing really quick and it's that we could talk about whatever we want. So Yeah.
Hi, what's nice to meet you?
Nikki.
War
one thing and I were actually just talking about texas. We were thinking of moving down there. The parts
my mind. Dallas. Mm
Have you seen?
Yeah. I have a handful of friends there so we
might.
Yes. You're good.
Everything. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
Boys everything. What?
That?
bad.
Yeah, it's cool. Very cute.
Most of my life I've lived in California two years um our bible school but besides that I've been here so yeah, I was like warming up to the idea of leaving again but it's OK
well
I don't think you would have heard of it but it's called the full time training in the Anaheim.
Very small but it was really good, it was a good experience. I don't know if you're a christian too, but
Well it's okay, obviously it's more than okay. So yeah, I feel with the pandemic going on I realized like you know the Lord is our one hope, you know in the bible that calls him the hope of glory and I think that's really the case, you know?
Very cool.
So
next
No. Yeah.
Yeah, did you become christian because your family was christian? Uh
what?
Playing
this?
Well,
On
Nice, that's awesome. Yeah.
Um So as you would know, probably um so like I grew up with christian parents and I think they were really good role models for me. So like when I was growing up I really appreciated like all the stuff they did like they were very clear like every sunday we go to church or like we for church, like I would see my mom every morning with her devotional, you know, my dad was always in the bible and like kind of set I think that was wise of God to set things up for me because like my story is kind of like dynamic I suppose because like, you know, I was like meeting there but their God wasn't my god yet. Um I knew that there was a god, but yeah, he wasn't mine if you if that makes sense. And then um when I was 15 my dad had a stroke, it was very extreme circumstances um but because of that like I remember I was just saying I mean like so like I mean I wasn't some bible expert or anything but I remember like clearly um like praying to a little bit and I was like Lord I repent and at that moment like I knew that there was another person in me and that was the Lord, jesus you know and well yeah, so crazy story. Well after that, yeah like I was very clear like oh like I am saying now like the Lord is my savior you know like he died for me personally and so that kind of set the ball rolling for today really well
no
along with
doing well, thanks for asking um Well I mean that was a long time ago, that was more than no and yeah, like, it was a really interesting circumstances because like, Would stroke you kind of have to act fast, you know, otherwise like I will die. Um and he was exhibiting symptoms for a good 24 hours and you know, my so wait, sorry backtrack. Um Like, the night before my brother and I were with my dad and like, we noticed weird things, but we didn't know that those were symptoms of a stroke.
But the next day, like, my dad came home and like, my mom like, also noticed that strange behavior and then she was like, no, we need to call 911 so she's a nurse, so she would know right away or, and so like, yeah, it's pretty amazing. Um Like, he just has like some limping, he can speak clearly and everything, all the languages too close and everything, so yeah,
like there's nothing wrong with the mind intellectually so. Oh,
before.
you
are
more filipino so here you are. Well, Well, you know, I really more you know what it's like? Um but my parents had immigrated from the Philippines a while ago now.
Yes. So the dialogue
were um their dialect and then they know english. Yeah.
Um He is younger.
You won't? Yeah.
Oh brother. So
do you have
siblings?
Well, no,
it's
all I'm like, I mean obviously I'm not happy that happened to my dad, but I was like, that was key and like, like my being saved. You know, like if I was saved any other way, I would be less sure of like where I stand with the Lord, if that makes sense.
Well,
just I'm just a cool, like the Lord's heart is always good, good towards us, so. Mhm.
Yeah. She's not part of the um like the front line, She works in pediatrics. Yeah, she's still
working.
I'm actually doing really well for like what up as well as anyone could be, I suppose. So I end up losing my job, I worked at us where I was working at a school. Um
but they
don't me anymore like in our classroom. So I work with um first through third graders in a classroom, but there's four of us teachers in the class, just like that's just the way that the school is set up and so they don't need for teachers in the classroom.
Well, yeah, I stopped working like mid March um a
noon it is. And then um yeah, so I've basically been home, but um I got engaged during this quarantine. So I will while people at
you can tell up
often
what, so that was
very reasonable view so that and then um yeah, like in the meantime, you know I was just sorry my life is like the Lord. I I just can't stop talking. Um but I mean you're christian hopefully that's okay.
Oh but yeah, because they don't have a job and I'm just at home right now and I haven't found anything. I'm just like, ok lord, let's like look in the bible, let's look at all of these like basically right now I've been doing a personal study on prayer. So like reading different christian texts. The thing about her because I'm just like the word is on the throne use a sovereign God. And so like endemic like yes the enemy satan is using it to like cause chaos and like depressed people and stuff but that's not God's heart. So what is God's heart? And so I've been like studying praying and everything. Yeah so that and keeping up with like friends and like the ones um from church have been like encouraging I guess. Well
um yeah, I mean just to like convince it, I'm just realizing like um as the church we've been um made the body of christ right? And so is the body of christ everything that the head of christ or jesus is and has everything he's done that becomes ours. So like we didn't go through the whole experience of him dying on the cross and everything. Incomparable death satan and sin all of that. But like that becomes our experience and we can pray um accordingly so he defeated satan already and so like how do we pray? It's important to pray for our own things. Like I've been praying like Lord I don't want to go to Dallas people. It's so hard.
like I was like a whole lot of like my gosh learned, I can't do it
kind of conversation and those are important. Don't get me wrong. Um like, like I'm just realizing like, oh my gosh, Lord, I haven't been caring for like what's on your heart? You know, like his heart, you save man during this time. His heart is too build up his church by a leg having us speak to one another and care for one another in love. Like true genuine love, the love of God. Um, his heart is to come back eventually according to revolution and so like word of my prayer come into it. So like if I see that I want to be one who prays that, you know, if I see that he's coming back, then I want to be someone who prays like yeah, Lord I love you so much, come back or jesus, you know? And so like I just realized like I'm like so caught up in all these other things and I'm like so worried about all this stuff, but he's my father
and we'll take care of us, you know, take care of my family and take care of me, maybe not in the way I expect because I lost my job, but but yeah, so I don't know if that makes sense, but
You know? Yeah, on
but yeah,
um you work on curriculum development, so not the, like you want like CS or anything, he develops lessons basically for different companies. Mhm
well, I'm trying to get out of education ish and work as a future language pathologist. So
one practical because I've been doing in the meantime is working on my um grad school applications, So
well,
because it's warm and thought it would be fun for us, so Right.
Well it's okay.
That's true. Yeah.
I don't know. I'm cool.
true.
That's
something,
one in front of you guys. Right. Yeah. Oh,
but how about you? How's your family doing you okay?
One
what?
Well,
let's see.
Well,
Okay. I bought
when.
Really? Unthinkable
for you too. So that, you know.
Well,
what?
No,
you're
good. Mhm
yeah,
yeah, I'm glad to hear it actually. I was thinking like if your girls are like, are looking for something since your christian, there's this website that I found out through some churches called the bible health and so dot com, easy to remember.
Yeah, inform like see they have like this family time and like episodes and songs and videos, stories and so if you want to look into that. Yeah, I know a couple of families who have been using it and they think the videos are like on point. So yeah,
more um there's a lot
of
fun. The resources, my
model
for kids. So yeah, for sure. I'm really glad that you're doing well. Yeah, how you're being well taken care of.
Um thankfully I do qualify for the unemployment checks only get the stimulants, so that's kind of keeping me a flight. I don't have too many expenses because I live with my family right now and that kind of like, you know, it helps that I don't have to pay extra rent and blah blah blah, just kind of help out you're in then. Um So yeah, obviously that was forever. Mhm.
Yeah, and then, I mean I'm applying to grad schools for fall 2020, so either be taking out loans, of course, I don't want to take out like a ridiculous amount as little as possible, but if I don't want a little bit like arrived mhm.
mhm. Mhm.
Yeah, that's true, will happen to be really fortunate because the two schools I'm applying to have online programs for speech language pathology, but
almost moving, we're still like applications, like, and I have no idea what do I really want to go down to your campus right now? How would uh
well, well, I don't work for everyone, but I happen to like them, so I like, I like to awesome online. I like being at my own pace according to wine.
Well, have you been, let's go patients okay.
Well,
Yeah.
Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. No, that's why I was so resistant before two because also with asian parents, my mom. Oh, just ludicrous.
Okay. To validate my mother, I did major in linguistics and like there's no like obvious, obviously job translation besides being a translator or being a linguist, you know, which often people love together. I would go through understand my mom's right there. I'm just like, what linguistics is everywhere for everything. I'm, yeah, we're like, I realized teaching isn't quite there for me. Yes, that's right. It makes sense, wow. But yeah, it don't sign yourself up for just some random degree in grad school and not you went for your career. Well, yeah.
Whoa,
whoa.
I'm allowed
to
talk.
Yeah. We're just gonna have to build it for a little longer. So
funny. Football.
Um Not really no, but thank you. Like I really was just like I can handle anything except a hit.
uh Yeah that's a good secret you know.
or
good.
Well that is
so
couple.
Mailer
Oh bra and that. It's like this big secret in texas. Why?
All
Oh my gosh wow. Well I'm just gonna stay indoors all day long if we just get a little
bit moving there.
Uh
serious. It's one of the opposite here I suppose like we sort of have a couple of weeks of summer And then there's like a nice two weeks of fall and then winter maybe it's snowing. Maybe it's not but either way it's very cold And then spring is like all four seasons combined really. Like
well could we all go raining for like four hours and then it's sunny and bright and warm and then like the temperature drops down and then maybe it's knows, who knows?
Very simple.
Well
Talking at all of our role in the one. So
I'm
experiencing Illinois and one day how in the spring? Yeah.
Oh yeah. For one. Yes
my life.
So yeah, because you came up pretty much on time. Right? My about so
yeah. So I think we're good so you
know.
Yeah take care.
Thank
you.
Thank you. Happy this.