Hello? Can
you hear me? Okay.
And where for you? Okay,
Sorry,
did we have a prompter or something?
Fun. Uh how what standard? I guess my name is, Jason.
I'm sorry, you broke up. What was your name?
Thank you. Nice to meet you.
Mm And which state do you live in? I'm in texas. Okay.
folks?
ticket city. I lived uh in the Dallas fort Worth area from middle school and high school. Very
familiar with it. Yeah.
give
me 1 2nd. My daughters need something.
Let's have a mute. I can't be
Hi, sorry.
they are supposed to be in uh chinese school class right
now, but they're, but they're zoom link isn't working. Yeah.
So I was like, I'll hope you know that just just go play and do something else.
Okay. So how long have you lived in Illinois?
Okay. Which bible
school did you go to?
I have not. Okay.
I am, I am, yes, I worked for a missions organization for 15 years prior to this year. Yeah. So yeah, I subscribe to the jesus face.
Yeah. Are your parents also believers? Okay.
Yeah.
Fun.
Just always curious about the um yeah, the people of faith stories and origins kind of like it was passed down from family members or was it found somewhere else? I was like, oh yeah, people are like, oh yeah generations and generations or there's his friend or his grandmother is always interesting to hear how people. Yeah, I came to know.
huh. Mhm
No, they are not believers. They're not christians. They, I go to church because of uh because of a girl hey
And and also is part of my uh immigration story. Um,
so
I moved to the United States when I was 12 and came from Hong kong. And so when I first moved was difficult transitions also to um, the Dallas step forward. Exactly. But culturally very different new language and a struggle to know how to get to
Just let me know of 12 middle school, terrible time in life. Uh, met someone who is also from Hong kong and they were like, oh what you come to church with us as a guest or whatever. And
I met their needs and I was like, yeah, I'll keep coming. But what I realized was like it was chinese church like, okay, I don't believe in the same things you do, but I feel like I belong here. Part of this is the same cultural experience and culture, understanding cultural values. Okay. I think I can just keep for the first time since I moved like two years after him, but I felt like I found a place, so I just kept going and that's how it started.
How about you?
How's
your, how's
your dad?
Membership.
Usually there.
Okay.
He said multiple languages that he knows. How many
languages
can you speak?
So to garland,
that's one.
And then you mentioned you had a brother, Is he younger or older?
Okay. So your brother?
My gosh,
so
cheese.
I have an older sister, she's just a year and a half older than me. I'm trying to piece together because you were 15 and they had a younger brother and the others deal with it, you know, seeing a medical emergency to a immediate family member has been traumatizing, I'm sorry.
Thank
you.
that makes a lotta
sense. Yeah.
definitely. Is your mom still uh working as a nurse?
Got
you uh scary. And then speaking of speaking of the pandemic, how are you holding up?
Oh
no.
she did.
Um
congratulations.
You did
mention, I noticed the ring and you mentioned your fiance. It's beautiful
but
Of course.
anything in particular that stood out and your, what you've been reading and studying?
it is very hot.
Hey.
Issues.
I'm actually sounds like you have a very uh not active faith but very secure understanding of where you stand before before God any relationship with him. So that's
Yeah.
And what does your fiance do for a living?
Cool. They both educators?
Whoa.
Uh is that why Dallas is on the picture as a potential
police progress to go? Okay.
Yeah. You're awesome. Perks.
Sure. Yeah, we don't have, we don't have a shovel snow.
It's
anything if the first sight of snow, everything shuts down because nobody knows how to drive and you can, you get to make fun of all of us because like really, it's just like, I guess in your, it would just be like a drizzle of snow. I don't know what you call that. Very,
very light, very light amount of snow that obviously
I don't
experience. And then like a schools schools close. Uh but it's, But then you look outside and then it's like, Oh, by and 30 minutes later if the sun is out and it's 70°,, you know? Cool school was canceled. Fantastic. Yeah.
Mhm.
yeah, we're doing very well. Um So just been grateful uh with my wife and I both have jobs that we work from home. So the yeah the transition hasn't been difficult and of course still being employed, which I know is uh not a given um in the circumstances okay. Um And then so that wasn't a difficult transition. Are girls out there nine and 7, so there obviously they can't go to school, so all right, we have to rearrange some things and help them, but Muslims like I have uh extra laptops around, I'm like okay, they can be set up for uh
to do uh e learning distance learning. Um
So it's like you know it is and if anything just the whole thing has been just an annoyance and inconvenience, but it hasn't
really disrupted my family's life at all and my girls love being at home actually
thanks. Which is I know also that's very convenient because I know other families where their kids like and I I can't be inside, I have
to go to take him to a park and all those things. My kids like we bought we bought them Kindles. Um
So yeah like like the like the Kindle's like this only read books, like
not the Kindle Fire things, so they're like this is the best thing. So they wake up saturday mornings and they just read their Kindles until we can get them or they can get us like they were hungry and like oh yeah actually making breakfast but they just quietly reading them. I have the most I have a very convenient uh So the Children very convenient and my setup is very nice and like I don't have anything to complain about really.
Yeah.
I was like uh
so it hasn't really bothered me. Like I'm I'm a home body as
well. I'm also I'm also an introvert. I was like, so this thing's fine. I know I'm not seeing anybody, I'm good, but I know that's not for everyone and just
it's
not forever.
decide for everyone else who's like, oh yeah, that would suck if you, yeah, if you're an extrovert or yeah, and different from the stereo, so sucks.
But thank you for asking. I'm doing well. Thank you.
cute.
Fun. I'll look into that.
Thank
you.
you, appreciate
that.
Yes. Very, very fortunate. No. Nothing to complain about, wow. Yeah. So so how you doing like financially since you've, but I'm employed since mid March?
But in the meantime. Okay.
Of course. That makes sense. Oh
crab school. I'm still trying to, I'm hearing some universities are opening or planning to open for the fall and some haven't announced yet and I was like, man, what, what is school going to look like and fall?
That's,
Okay. Wow. Online presence. That's awesome.
I do like that.
I thought, okay. Well asian parents, so they always wanted, wanted me to do it. You get it,
go to grad school. I was like, for what? Like just go. I was like, like mom, but this is really expensive. I feel like this is, you know, going countercultural against what you've taught me. It's like, don't spend that much, don't spend money, Save money. So like if you're telling me to go, I should probably have a plan of what I'm doing, it was not going to use it for, otherwise, I'm just thinking lot of money for uh so
no, it's still there as an option, but I still don't know exactly what I'm getting more clarity about what I want to do if, if I do go. So, but I'm also going, I don't know if I need to either for what I want for the things I want to do is like, so
I
So I throw it back, I'm being financially responsible. Like you taught me,
I'm not, I think money at any anything
and nothing. But I get it. I get it like this is huge opportunities before me that they did not have my guys in the house.
But
like
I get it. I get it. I get it too.
deputy
deputy concerns about Dallas. But I could help answer.
Here's the thing nobody can handle the heat.
every so everything everyone has air conditioning. So it's actually come, you'll, if you do move down here you'll, you'll notice that actually it's pretty counter intuitive like if you in the summer you actually need to bring a sweater everywhere you go like the church to the shopping malls to the movie theater because they just blast the A. C. So cold like it is so hot outside and then they kind of swing the other way. It's like 60 degrees inside.
You're like, yeah
I need a sweater okay.
And,
and then flips in the winter. Thank you.
You
don't, you actually, you actually don't need that much. Uh in terms of like I'll burn clothing or jacket doesn't have to be that heavy because once you walk inside, it's like, it's a sauna. I'm keep this off and so it's literally going actually, but it's convenient, but it's annoying. Like it's so hot. It's so cold.
It's just a given. Like, uh I'm just, you know, houses, apartments here automatically have air conditioning. It's not like a roof, but I know that in parts of the country, that's just not a given. I know that you actually have to have it, otherwise you die
to deal.
Kind
of, Yes. And
then in the fall and in the spring, like this one week where the weather is just perfect. Okay. Upper sixties, lower seventies where you like, you could swear you could be in shorts, be fine, jeans will be fine. And then All right, That's the one week where everyone's outside. That's it.
Oh, that's right. Yeah.
Just
get
it all
left
or,
awesome.
cool. Well,
Nikki, I think. Have we done the required time?
I think I was a minute late.
Well, it
was nice meeting you
all the best team in grad school
and your future
and congratulations on your engagement.
Yeah. Yes. We have a good weekend. Bye.