says well oh they're already not here yet. Come on new partner. Well big girl this time. Well maybe nobody again. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Right. Yeah. Hi Can You Hear Me? Hold on 1/2. I gotta do my sound sorry about that.
I have you on my big screen. Can you hear me? All right? All right. How are you? Good. Are you in the United States? In the city? Okay. Sorry I just got a shower so I'm so wet dog, It's like 100 degrees here. Today
I live in southern Oregon right now. But I was born in California, raise In Pennsylvania but then went back to California for 16 years and now I'm up in southern Oregon. Where are you from?
The Bay Area? That's where you grew up your whole life. You're still there. Are
you
in?
Yeah. What what school are you are
Berkeley wow, neat. If I had money when I was a kid that was one of the places I wanted to go. What do you study him?
You know?
Yes. Is there anything in particular you want to get into in the future
consulting?
Okay. Right on house.
Um Well I do all kinds of things. Um I only went to junior college for a while, I got my fitness specialist certification. Um and then I didn't really know what I was doing, I didn't go to college so I was, so I know crazy. Huh? And I didn't ever go see a counselor at first, so I really didn't know what I was doing and I ended up double majoring in exercise science and um in spanish. Uh so right now I'm going to like I really want to speak spanish fluently before I die um and I don't have much time, so uh my vocabulary is really really good uh and I'm good when I'm immersed in it fully. Um but I had to drop out because I ran out of money. I was living in southern California and just struggling to keep a roof over my head. Um So yeah I just got too hard to handle living in southern California, but honestly like if I had the time and the money I'd probably go to school till I die because I had, it was I'm glad I went when I did because I was much more focused. Um You know it wasn't like parties and you know all that stuff so I was you know, I got to know more about how I learned and everything. I didn't know that I had a learning disability in my whole life. Um Because where I grew up they didn't really that wasn't a thing, you know? So if you're a. D. D. Or anything like that, you don't get special help and nobody recognizes that. Um But somebody did in my college and it helped me out. I got to go to testing centers where um I didn't have to have any outside noise. Yeah so it's like I couldn't even handle like if I'm still taking a test and students are walking by me to go drop off their test, like even stuff like that like really distracts me and I can't focus. Um So yeah those people really helped me out like like they let me know I wasn't crazy and lazy like you were told when you were a kid so that was cool. So what else is going on with you besides Berkeley?
How do you feel about that? It's more expensive than going to classes?
It's the same. But you have you done online classes? I did a few when I was going to school.
are you, are you in a
dorm right now?
okay. Um Do you live, where do you live now
then? Free market right on. Are
you
okay? Do you do you have roommates?
You work
okay. Oh wait you don't have roommates?
okay. Right. On. Um are you in your bedroom right now, bedroom slash office? Yeah. Right. On. What do you like to do when you go out and have fun? Not that we're doing much of that these days, but.
Right
on
awesome. Have you been to different countries?
Can do you mind me asking? We're at in china
Were
you were on the beaches there?
What?
Go
ahead.
the gold coast to, wow. What's your like, what was your favorite city in china? Do you have a favorite?
The food
was going to ask. I'm a total food person and I cook
of asian
food.
What was your favorite street food there?
Everything that sounds like I would probably be.
Oh yeah. What about are you sweating?
um My favorite place I've been. Oh I don't know like well out of country I've only been to uh Mexico and costa rica.
So um I've always wanted to cross the pond but it never had enough money for that. Um So but I'm working on it. I didn't get my passport until I was 39 39 I think. Yeah my first passport um and I was so excited. So I took a two week vacation vacation. I just went for two weeks to um the yucatan peninsula in Mexico. And it's a man where chick Anita is and all those. Uh Oh and
I
didn't
see
any volcanoes.
No. Ring of fire is a different place that's overseas.
Right? That's the whole buddy. You should mention that. Um Wait, ring of fire is I'm trying to thank, hold on. I'm the I'm the earthquake girl. Um Wait bring a fire. I'm looking at that because it's
the basis,
it's the basin
of
basin of the pacific ocean. So basically the ring of fire goes from Australia all the way down. Like it it goes the whole way up and then the whole way down. Um africa. So that's like a huge, that's a very large place, is what I'm saying. Um But yeah I'm kind of an earthquake geek. So I watch live earthquakes on spectrograms where you can see them happen live like right now in California today. Um You know where the Salton sea is?
The
Salton Sea. Salton Sea. Um, it's in southern California. So basically there's a bunch of earthquakes, uh, they call it a swarm when a bunch of earthquakes are happening in the same spot. Like recently we've had them in Oregon, like right to the side of me. There's like tons of tremors going on. Um, so I watch uh, here, hold on. Maybe I can turn this and show you. I don't know if you can see, I don't know if I'm allowed to do that, but you see that graph up there. Yeah, that, that shows a victory rel um demonstration of noise all around the globe is what that does. Yeah. So you get to see everything as it happens live. Like I work with a team in Costa rica and I can see when earthquakes happen all around them, Ecuador. Um, They'd be getting a lot of anyway, so my second
favorite
place.
No that keeps me company while I'm working from home. I do a few, I do a few different things. I um I work for a pastoral doctor that has its own church medicine, church basically.
So it's like ancient medicine um that he works with uh Alaska boof. Oh I don't know if you've heard of any of those things. You're, how old are you?
21, yeah. You look really young on level 47 I always say level this makes it sound cooler. I'm level 47. Um But uh yeah so basically that he works with with medicine from the amazon rainforest and helps people work through different um fears of their lives and and things like that. I don't know how exactly describe it if you're um
it's
Yeah, the buffo. The frog medicine is from a frog.
Yeah, the excretion that you get from when you kind of like read the frog and there's different different methods of doing that. Um Yeah not everybody is like into this kind of medicine because you will get violently ill um You know you're purging a lot and stuff but that's all part of the process. Um uh So anyway I help him out. I have a whole team in Costa rica and um yeah I do a lot of different stuff but I'm a writer mostly I love to write. So I have my own websites and I write a lot of content for other people as well and um yeah I just like the having the earthquake spectrograms up while I'm working, it's just like keeps me company but it doesn't distract me so much that I can't get my work done sort of thing. Um But yeah I'm working towards just working for myself completely. I don't mind collaborating with other people but I don't want to work for somebody till I die, you know? So I'm going the more modern route of of building my own business and
yeah I don't ever want to work for anyone else ever again are like never um like never and I don't want to sit in an office. I can't handle fluorescent lights over my head. And um but that also has something to do with my learning disability to like it's not that I can't take authority figures, although I can't really um It's that I just I can't handle like weird office environments where if people are like gossipy and do you know what I mean? Like I
don't
know.
Do you have a job right now?
Where do you work?
Oh right. On. Yeah. Would you want to do that until you die? No. Yeah. It sucks working for other people. But I loved going back to the yucatan peninsula in Mexico. I loved that so much. I had so much fun and I'd wanted to see cheetah Nitsa since I was a kid, since I saw it in National Geographic when I was a kid in elementary school. So that was like a lifetime bucket list dream come true and before I even put my toes in the caribbean, even though I had never been there before in my life, I swim and the same notes there. Do you know what, those are there in the yucatan? There's a river that goes below the land and these giant sinkholes will happen to these beautiful, cold water, crystal clear water pools will emerge and when you swim you can see your feet and everything and it's amazing.
Yeah. and it's I mean you'll be 100 some degrees outside um But you're just in this beautiful cool scene. Okay? Um And then but that's where I got to swim into loom uh near the ruins. There is where I got to swim in the caribbean for the first time and I just bawled my eyes out like it was so beautiful, so beautiful. But um yeah and then Costa rica. Costa rica is amazing, amazing. And it's weird. It reminded me a lot of where I grew up in pennsylvania except
it was jungle instead of forest, I don't know. And like the birds back on the east coast. Have you ever visited the east Coast? Yeah.
Um Yeah that's not the most fun place in East Coast, that's where a lot of people go because it's historic or whatever. But um yeah I got like it's just so beautiful there and I got to go to
um waterfalls that are only on private lands. Um You can only get there if you uh now I can only see you up to your nose. Oh there you go. Well you moved in and I can see your face better. There
you go. Don't worry, I don't care about what's in your closet. Uh huh. Um So do you have a lot of friends at Berkeley? Yeah.
like from your high school? Oh right on. Um are you, are you into gaming or anything like that?
I'm
not a gamer, no, I'm not a gamer but I'm in second life. I don't know if you've ever heard of that. It's a virtual world where you can build things and you can have like tons of different avatars, it's kind of like, I mean it's considered a game, but it's not really, it's like a whole different world. You have people from all over the globe, but you're not like battling and competing against each other, and it's
not
like
but like, for real, for real and you're not just like sequester, like you can be like, I have fictitious creatures, I have like a bunch of different dragon avatars, I have like, you know, you can fly around the different sims and um they call the worlds that people build their sins and I have very close friends I've known for years on there, and you can have dance parties, people DJ people play live music um but they'll be, but they'll have their avatar like on a virtual stage while they're playing live music wherever they live. It's really awesome. I love it, I love the personal aspect of it. Um But yeah, I used to love like I was in the fable a long time ago I played that role playing game, it was like a lot of sword action and stuff like that. I love things with swords and come anything kung fu basically. Um But yeah, it's just it just drains a lot of your time and I don't, I never feel like I've accomplished anything, you
know at least with second life I can interact with people and um have real conversations and make real friends. That's why I like it. But yeah, besides that I've been all over the United States like except for florida, Alaska and hawaii
don't.
wow. Yeah, a lot
of traveling
when I
was
hungry.
yeah, lots of road trips. Um I did a little bit of something in every state. Even if it wasn't like, like I wouldn't recommend visiting Missouri or Oklahoma or Ohio
any of the midwest states just Man. But that's just my personality. Like I just, you know, I'm on the West Coast for a reason. I don't fit in other places. Um Yeah, let's put it that way. I just don't fit in. I didn't fit in in the East Coast. Like when I go back there, I stick out like a sore thumb, you know, I'm like the wild girl. I'm just me, you know, but you know. Ganges legal where you live too. And um you know, going through certain states where you still have to hide who you are and everything. It's just I don't want that, you know, I don't want people have to hide because they're gay. I don't want people have to hide because they're different in any way. You know, that's why I like the West coast a lot better.
I do not.
Do you?
Go ahead.
No marriages and no divorces. Um But no, I have not been single my whole life. Um I'm pretty sociable person. Why do I seem like I'm single now? I have a partner. Um He's really laid back. Uh Yeah, I've been I've been with a bunch of different people I've dated. Um A lot, like I mean technically I guess I'm bisexual but I'll never date or be with a woman, like that's not really my jam, just making out every once in a while. But yeah, I could barely stand to be in the room with myself sometimes, so I don't know about dating another woman. Um But uh yeah, nothing ever had some really horrible relationships and so I was single for like a good seven years before I before I met my partner that I have currently um because I just need to I need to be really comfortable with being, being with myself and loving myself as much as I love other people. And that was really hard to do. Like it sounds kind of Klay shape but it's not something you can just think about once and be like, yeah, okay, I'm just going to love myself. It has to be a practice. You have to
serve
yourself as much as you serve other people.
Oh, have you seen that movie?
I know, but no beloved is a movie as well. They turned it into a movie. I
did not, I didn't read the book.
Look it up. There's Is Oprah and that one too. Oh, there's a really good actress in that one. Why were you, why were you asking?
I
reminded you of that. But they're black women. I remind you of a black chick. I kind of like that.
Um You might be thinking of something else. It's a pretty You've never seen it though. Like that's a ridiculously
the 19
eighties. Wait, go ahead.
Oh, that that sounds familiar, but it might be a very long time since I've I've read it or seen it because
that that was another one that they turned into a movie I think.
Yeah, that's you know, I'm sure like my partner is sitting right over there but like um I would be okay for the rest of my life. I would be lonely a little bit, but I'm never, I called like the B word is like a swear word to me. The board word, like what everybody says, they're bored. Like it just it grates my very soul. I'm like, do you not know how to read a book, or like, you know, Because for me, I have a really, I don't know about you, but I have like, a crazy vivid imagination. So what I'm in a book, or even when I'm reading stories online, like I'm totally immersed and I'm like, seeing all the characters in my head and um that's like super absorbing. Like, I can't imagine ever being bored unless I had nothing to read. Maybe, maybe, but then I would just take a walk. I don't know, like, I can't imagine. Do you get the B word?
yeah. Oh, that's a good thing to, that's a good way to be. You're pretty knowledgeable for your young, 20, 22, Wow. So you're out there boozing it up now that you turn 21?
I'm just kidding. What, what month were you born?
Are you a libra?
You're the yeah, that's the libra. I'm a liver too.
Oh, you're on the 21st. So you're like, I know you're not a Scorpio. I know you're not a Scorpio. Hold on, let's look, we're going to free will astrology. Um
I'm October five. So you are, Yeah, you're still in there with me brother. You're a libra. You like, it's the 22nd is the cut off date for first Scorpio. But yeah, you don't seem like a Scorpio at all. That's why I asked. Um what does it say? All right. Here's your, here's your horoscope for this week. You ready? Have you been saving any of your tricks for later? If so later has arrived. Have you been postponing flourishes and climaxes until the time was right. If so, the coming days will be as as wright a time as there can be. Have you been waiting and waiting for that perfect moment before making use of favors that life owes you and promises that were made to you? If so the perfect moment has arrived. Have you been wandering wondering when you would get a ripe opportunity to express and highlight the most interesting truths about yourself? If so the opportunity is available? All right. What's your biggest truth? I'm here for you or what? What is a motto that you live by?
That's a hard one. Mm Right.
Nice. I like that one.
yeah. And I think some people forget sometimes those are good ones by the way. Um, I think people forget sometimes that failures can be like, even because sometimes people just think of business type of things like that sort of thing, or financial things as failures, but like maybe it's relationships or something like people don't look at it like that sometimes and um it's kind of amazing what human beings can overcome in general, and even if it was a failed relationship, you might have gained so much strength and courage through, through things that you've experienced as well. Those are good ones. I don't know if I have a motto. Okay, uh huh. Okay. I don't know. Maybe a lot of them have a lot of Bruce lee quotes, but I don't have them memorized. I like the one where he says, um you know what is it? Yeah, the plateaus. It's in my emails even, I know it sounds crazy, but I love it so much. I love Bruce lee, Sorry if you hadn't noticed, I love everything martial arts pretty much. Um I'm a very big fan. Yeah. Jackie chan Bruce lee. Well, Jackie chan, well, they're all way before your time, I guess, but I'm assuming you might know who those people are. I love asian culture in general. It's just, I have a lot of asian, like extended family, Vietnamese family and such and filipino and japanese and um filipino and japanese and black mixtures. Um All right, other, it is, if you always put limits on everything, you do physical or anything else, it will spread into your work and into your life. There are no limits. Their only plateaus and you must not stay there. You must go beyond them. That's personally, I like that one. That's in my always in my emails, my little quote at the end of emails. Oh yeah. I still have a lot of plateaus to overcome though, even in my older age. So when do you, will you graduate
your junior year already? Well you do well, yeah.
Like are you laugh when you said you liked ass?
Do you
love
it? Do you love it?
I have to agree with you there. I mean I just went to a junior college, but some of those professors were mind blowingly good.
And
you do,
you
met an organ professor and so you Portland area where you know where
Corvallis, wow, that's cool. What do they teach?
perfect.
Oh, that was probably a great conversation for you.
I've never, I've never spoken to a woman yet on one of these talks. It's always been guys. It was
an older. Yeah.
What
do you think so? We don't really know.
Oh yeah. Oh, that's interesting. Uh huh That's good to know. Um yeah, the last one actually, another asian younger gentleman, he was in texas and then an older, uh, man from, he was somewhere in the midwest I believe. Um yeah, they're both really great talks though. I mean, I've been really enjoying this, like, it's been super fun to like get to know people. I really like it. So are you dating anybody right now?
No. Got a crush on anybody.
Am I making you blush?
oh, that makes sense. You're smart. You're very smart. Um, have you ever dated?
Do you speak different languages?
Like what dialect?
mandarin.
The regular
Makita.
Yeah, that's cool. Yeah. You're smart. I would. Where were you thinking on the east coast to go?
Let me talk
you out of it. No
new
york.
Well you'll definitely still be getting great food if you're in new york. I guess from everything going on right now I would never live in a big city again. San Diego was the biggest I've ever, ever gone and I was there for 16 years in San Diego was just expansive, it's so big and I've lived all around San Diego County
Um I love San Diego, I have like a whole family of friends down there. Um My girlfriend's a professor at Southwestern, she's an english professor at Southwestern and then um my girlfriend june bug, she just had her first child at 42 but she um she teaches art at, or it's a, the high school that's Imperial Beach. Um I can't think of it now, but obviously she's on, she's on the maternity leave, I'm not sure when she'll be going back and she's thinking about moving up here actually. Um she's kind of scared having a kid and being in a bigger city where everybody is just crammed together and with everything going on right now, like it's kind of hard to see the forest for the trees right now of what it's going to be like in the future and I'm sure I know if I had a kid I'd be scared too. Um but you know, although this is a little, I mean it's still a virus like and it's spreading like wildfire, I don't care if it's not the regular flu or whatever. Um You know, people in third world countries are used to this sort of thing and they get it together really fast, but the United States is like, oh boo we have to wear a mask or you know, if you're walking around like that, like that's what we're dealing with right now, a bunch of people that think it's so oppressive to try to like be as safe as possible for a little while, you know? So who knows what the future holds, but I hope yours is bright because you seem like a really bright individual. Where what time are we at now? Oh
where I I always go over
every
person. Like it's been
like
an
Yeah it does. Yeah. I really enjoy it. Um Do you have anything else to ask me before?
it was really good meeting you too. All right, well we can end this. Um And yeah, it was really nice to meet you. I never even asked your name.
Hi
Anderson. Oh my God, that's your name. That's so cool. Um Oh man I'm jennifer but everyone calls me fire. Fire is my nickname. F. Y. R. E.
It was really a pleasure to meet you. Take care of yourself. Okay.
And rock on with your bad ass self.