It's all right.
Where are you from?
I'm from the Bay Area.
I'm
in
college right now.
Clean
as some
of business
probably consoled him.
So I feel like finance or like maybe like Wall Street kind.
What about you?
No, just like we're not like we're going to have that on like under here online classes
I think the scene
like you don't have to pay for like room and board because like, you're nothing
because
no, I mean you don't have to pay for doors, but like you still have to pay tuition.
I'm in fremont
like, do you know,
test like the factories there.
Um Yeah, but like, I'm not my roommates also from my cream on as long
you used to also from fremont.
Um It's like I had roommates last semester, like this semester is awfully like online.
I photography. Yeah.
And then
and then I also like just like exploring like like hassling a lot like going to like hiking, like seeing nature and all kinds of different things. Like I like don't like bourbon landscapes and some like nature as well.
Um I have been since like I'm chinese, I've been to china have been to
um I'm from like my like into shanghai Beijing like ones are all like the big cities and then I've also been to Australia. Yeah
it is.
Mhm. I visited
the great, it's
very
nice Bondi beach, like the Gold Coast.
Yeah and it's not really since they're all like really similar like what I really like is just like the food there
simply. It's
me too.
Food is on
the best things ever
corners literally everything.
Yeah and it's like really affordable but it's like really tasty too. And then even like the hotel food is like really good. Like the Brexit yeah
window is just like kind of itchy. How about you?
Room
Were other balking in syria as well
with
the
ring
of fire. Right
well mhm.
I think
there were like areas
that were
near Mexico.
Though we're watch
place.
Is that?
Thank
you God.
Who,
I'm 21.
Is
there from like plants kind of,
it's like policing is sponsoring.
you're your own boss.
all
of
it.
I wear part time.
I would that part
like clear water.
The
I think I've been to like Washington D. C. And mhm.
Money.
And
a lot of people from my like school go there. So like there's like a lot of people that you like. No. Mhm.
Mm I used to play games, but generally not that much anymore. Like I would like that they send more bookings but not angrily. Uh
Well.
What
kind
of like sims? But what?
No.
You've been
to all 47. Mm.
Like
what what
did
you
do in like some of the middles like where did you road trip? What
answers?
Mhm. Do you have any Children?
Mhm. So you've just been like
room? Yeah. Have you been like single home life and use.
So have you been like single your whole life or have you had like of previous like divorce?
Have
you
have you read Bill loves it
or it's a book.
All
I think not you know that beloved It was a movie
since it kind of like remind Henry. I don't know.
I just
So maybe I think I mixed up the books.
think there are watching call
since I read
I think with their eyes, you reminded me of their eyes were watching God since since you talked about loving yourself. And I think I remember my high school teacher talking about them
genuine.
Yeah, it's like about this woman who tries to find she keeps trying to find love. But then in the end she realized like she doesn't need a husband and then she can love herself.
Um I think like some rentals a college student like you think like oh you like you're not sure what you want to do, but like sometimes you feel worried, but like I think if you just reach out past your comfort, so there's always something that like you can do.
No.
October
um I don't know. I think my aunt's gonna scale one
But I like, I think like I'm not always sure because my like, Like my birthday, so I'm like one of the, it's like on the exact, it's like the 21st
mm
I think it's like mm we've been critical.
Oh yeah, it's like point of mine's like um it's from like thomas Edison so it's like you can, it's like Genius is 1% inspiration and 99% perspiration.
I also happen to other ones too. Like it's like not quite like a motto, but like normally people say like the mother of success is failure, right? The men like they are like but then there's also people who are like the father is courage. So like it's like just saying how like you have to have courage to be able to like fail and then succeed.
Um Are you entering mine junior year?
Yeah.
Thank you
well
enough.
I do. Yeah. Some people say it's like toxic, but I think like there's like there's always going to people that don't like a school, right? Like there's always going to be, even people like Harvard, you know, there's always been someone that's like, oh, like, like super expensive and I didn't learn anything. But I think like if you like find a way to enjoy and like make the most secure experience, then it's like
And
in fact, I like on a previous, like one of these videos, I met one from Oregon.
There
are,
that's from my Oregon's in State University. Um They were from Corvallis,
they teach manage, they just like another area of business by for that. It was like has to do with customer relations, like customer relationship management. Like how do you like routine their customers and like
I do like grow them.
Yeah. It was interesting.
We're,
I think,
I think it's a match like that.
because I don't talk to my, this is I've also also only talked to women.
No,
I know.
Mhm. Didn't quite maybe like after like next year something since like after I feel like after college, a lot of people like go different ways and I'm thinking of like maybe like moving to east closer, like going to another country. So like I don't like pressing a relationship now. It would be like beneficial.
I had like a girlfriend in high school, but they're like, they're like after going to college, like we went our black separate ways.
Yeah. I speak, I speak chinese
like mandarin. Like
the regular.
and like high school like one year spanish. So I know some basics, like
if somebody says something like I like, I might recognize a few words.
Probably like a big
baby
new york, like we're
like
Chicago lost in like one of the big ones.
Did you let me u C san Diego? What was it like?
We're 40.
Me
too.
This
seems
like you're, you won't talk a song, but then like it's just like kind slides.
Mhm. Honestly, no, it was like really good meeting you.
I'm Edison like
the inventor.
Well, it was nice meeting you sire
Two.
Okay, thank you.