Yeah Yeah, mm Oh thank you. Oh yeah. Well Oh mhm Yeah mhm Yeah mhm Yeah, mm Mhm mhm No mhm, mm hmm. No. Mhm Yeah. Uh huh
Yes you can hear me.
No, you're good. You're good problem.
I'm good. How are you?
Yeah, I'm in texas. Austin texas.
Oh my gosh. Must be so much nicer up there right now. Mhm
Like weather wise
We don't get like much rain in Texas. It's pretty dry right now. It's like I didn't think in the 70's mhm
People but
role?
Is it really bad up there? Like
this is
all right. Uh huh.
No.
Yeah. Throughout I'm a university student. So in March we just all like went back home, we just stayed with our families in their system basically March. Very extended spring break.
No, when college started back up I moved to my apartment near the university. Figure it's better for working conditions wise. Oh,
I never got your name.
Amy, I'm daisy
Yes, this is my 7th point I think.
Is there like a particular person that you remember like the most?
During the video.
Yeah. Yeah. I don't have anything particularly memorable like that at most. It was like my first call was with an ex cop and this was around the time of the whole like police like protests and I was kind of like, I don't know what to say.
I think we steered away from like the more controversial things because people find out you're a cop. I was like okay, he's probably very opinionated about what's going on. So I'm just gonna lean towards the other side.
I personally am not cost is very liberal city. Yeah.
I think that's yeah,
I think.
Are they all in Chicago also or just like
Yeah, I was born in michigan so. Yeah, I know like the kind of general area used to take trips to Chicago during like summer as a child.
Kalamazoo, that area?
it's a fairly easy drive.
Have you ever been to Mackinaw Island? I'm
island
that
no, it's like despite being born in michigan, it's kind of one of my like trips that I want to take
look.
Yeah, I'm debating going back for either like next summer or next year spring break or something. See if I can finally make that trip.
Oh
if you don't mind me asking, are you still married to your like high school
spirit?
Okay. Like you mean it kind of sounds like you were together and I wasn't sure.
Yeah. Pick up new hobbies in
Washington's.
I mean online classes is not ideal, but like relationship wise and everything. We're
keeping like a covid bubble because it's not as bad in like where I am right now. And so she's been like me and my roommates and that sort of thing.
It's a lot easier than being at home where it's just like just yourself and your family and there's like not much you can do in the suburbs.
It doesn't change even when you're older.
I'm
sorry about that.
Yeah. Is it just you like quarantine by yourself or do you have a roommate or like a pet?
At least you're being safe and everything. Never been before.
Have you been doing any like hobbies or watching anything?
The
started
like an apartment kind of garden. So I have like basil cutting road rosemary. Oh it's sorry to be a second. We need something. Yeah. Yeah, But your dad is 20
Oh my gosh.
mm I'm more of a dog person so I can't say I know too much about cats but
yeah, then you don't have to walk a cat either.
I
was Chicago
and all.
Sorry?
Does your cat just not get along with dogs
Well
I have a dog back home. I have a Pomeranian right? And she's also quite old so she does she's a bit more cat like these days than dog like uh she's
surviving.
more
now, see
Is it like he drinks straight from the faucet or is there like a bowl in the faucet?
That's so interesting. So
if you leave like a bowl of water out, he doesn't drink it.
cheap.
Can
take
up,
I am a medical laboratory science major, but like pre med
It's more like, you know when you get like blood drawn and like they come back and they're like, oh your vitamin levels are low or something. That's like my type of what my major funnels into like that job. And then I want to do med school after that son
Out
of
2nd
outing. But
Hopefully for the better. I mean, I've seen a lot of those like dr stories over covid where like they don't have enough protection. I'm kind of like, do I really want to do this? Right. Thanks.
Just
good.
I can't say that texas is the most prepared. I think our state itself hit like a million cases yesterday or a couple of days ago.
Yeah that's what we're hoping.
Mhm. All right. Before pandemic during like holidays with your family, get into the whole like thanksgiving politics and arguments.
and
safe
living.
It's
and
Yeah. Yeah when you were talking about urban like gardening is that like in the public spaces you do that or like what what is it?
That's
Good.
My dad's a farmer so we have like our like his family were farmers back in china. So like you brought the whole like gardening mindset back to texas. So if you look at our backyard it's also like a bunch of vegetables year round, we have like three orange trees. It's
I
I know what you mean about the fresh vegetables, it just hits different.
Yeah texas doesn't get I think maybe it gets to freeze things like maybe a week or two a year, it's not
long.
I'm
not a big
I'm making like dirt like I'm okay with like just handling the vegetables but it's the dirt and the bugs that kind of bothered me a bit. I'll appreciate the food.
You always need someone who can manage the soil though.
huh.
It's
very clay like it's a weird combination of just clay and sand. There's not much else. I mean it's he's managed it so far. I think every couple like years he'll get like some new soil or like do some fertilizers to help with all of the defeated minerals and stuff.
All the housing buildings in Chicago.
Uh huh. Yeah. That's awesome. I miss fresh tomatoes because I know they grow like an abundance there like weeds almost, but then having to buy them in the store, it kind of hurts me a little because I know they grow so like easily.
I think we got in time
to,
So I said I think we're going time to just as a heads up.
nice to meet you too.
Thank you. I hope your cat is healthy and your doing good throughout that new quarantine.
Bye.