sorry, my cat is all over me right now. Yeah. Do
you hear me?
Okay? Yeah. Let me try to get this focused. He's walking all over the computer. Okay, please.
Okay.
All right, so how are you?
I'm good. So what's your name?
Okay, I'm Lewis nice to meet you.
Mm. Okay. So I guess we'll start off with like, I don't know uh let me just get to know you and you can get to know me. So basically like, what is your day to day life like?
Mhm. I'm also I'm a sophomore in college. No.
a computer science. I want to be a video game programmer.
What's yours?
Right, okay. Is that run in the family at all or?
let me let my cat out. There we go. Okay. So um, I guess just tell me like you have any pets since I'm talking about my cat.
Oh man, that sucks. But you what what how would you want though?
Yeah, that's a really show. Have to.
So do you have any hobbies?
tennis the only sport you play?
I don't really play any sports. I do like playing sports. Especially like tennis for example. I used to play that in gym class and that was always like my favorite days in in high school there. We got to play that. I'm also like playing basketball. Like short story like growing up, I did play basketball like an actual team, but the day that made me not want to play basketball is when I got hit in the face with one, I just got completely blindsided by it. That was that that was the end of that. And then uh yeah, me and my brother also played bass. Uh baseball in elementary
school. Do you have any brothers and sisters?
Mm Okay. How old is he?
my brother, he's 25. He's four years older than me. So I think. Okay. Oh yeah you said you played games? So what kind of games do you play?
Yeah. So if I was like one of my favorite games?
Mhm. Yeah. Especially like probably one of my favorite games like at least recently. Have you played any of the other ones?
Yeah you're definitely gonna like it or you know there?
Mhm. Yeah I'm not really much of a pc
guy, but if the game is on there then I'll play it. Have
you played?
Yeah. No. Uh I always gained on a console so I've never really I I do have games on my computer. But the problem with me and like pc gaming is that my computer's always can't run the games, Its just that old. So I have have you ever played Portal? Yeah that's really good. They do you know what it is though?
What? Okay uh
Portal is basically this game where you have this gun but it's not like a regular like first person shooter, anything where you like kill people. It's a
game where you shoot these portals and like say I shot a portal like right here like and then I shot another portal right here, say I entered this portal then I would come out of this portal. It's like
a puzzle game. It's really cool. It should be a pretty cheap on Steam actually. I think
it's really
on.
Yeah but I beat the first game and then I tried to play a second game but my computer would not run that at all. Like even on the lowest possible settings, it was really bad. So I I just need to get a better computer. But yeah, that's why I don't really play games on their on the pc I play a ton on console though.
Yeah, mainly law in terms of drama, just like platformers like Mario and sonic, just like Nintendo games and then also play a lot of uh I grew up with like my first system was a playstation, like the original one. So I played like Crash Bandicoot and Prep the wrapper and like stuff like that resin evil and Tomb raider. So just like basically adventure games really I guess you could sum that up.
But
it's just RPGS especially like persona and other games like that, like Legend of Dragoon and especially like paper Mario, stuff like that, like turn based ones. Have you ever played a like fire emblem?
Yeah, it's not like any Nintendo system.
It's like it's similar in the sense that like you build up like relationships with the different characters and get to learn about them. Yeah. It's really hard just selling
Like I don't know if you've heard but in firing them once your characters die they stay dead. Like they, they don't come back. There's no like reviving them or anything. So that's that's why people love fire him now. But especially that game I really liked it because um, it's very different from other firearm games where uh you're usually just like another unit in this war. So like this work campaign but in this one you're a teacher. So you have that like really interesting relationship with the other characters because you're their teacher, not just some other unit. So it's like you're raising them up like as your own almost. So like teaching them, you know different elements and different skills and you're teaching them. It's really cool. No.
but yeah you should definitely get a switch. There's there's so many games like you want me to recommend you some games if you ever get one right? Yeah there's this game called Astral Chain. Like are you a fan of action games like games where you're just it's not like you you beat them up but it's kind of like you just you know you hit them a lot and you do a bunch of combos and it's really complex.
Mhm. Yeah. Yeah it has a pretty good story. I mean it's not like you know insanely in depth or anything but it's definitely like I guess you could say like story driven or something but if you want something new especially play it because it's made by this developer called Platinum Games and they're just all about just pushing you know, gameplay forward and doing a bunch of new things. Like the whole game is centered around you controlling two different people at the same time in combat. It's really cool
Astral King like you control this thing called the legion and it's like connected by a chain and you can send
it out to do attacks on its own or you could do combos with it and then there's a bunch of different comments you can do like you can wrap around uh enemies and just wrangle them up and then just like do a combo on him. It's really cool.
There's a bunch of different legions and stuff like that, it's really complex, that's really fun. There's also like Mario odyssey and you know breath the wild of course like if you if you like what? You're three you'll definitely breath while right? And there's a ton of different like RPGS and stuff and Yeah, mhm Is there any um is there any games you're looking forward to? Uh um Okay.
yeah, it looks really cool
like uh like you have like a dialogue type thing. Yeah. Mm Yeah, I think you probably like that. It was made by the same people. Yeah. Uh
try to think of other things to talk about.
I go to Ozark Technical Institute College Technical Community College. Yeah, Where
do you go?
Oh, it's in Springfield Missouri? Well, Ozark is like, it's like a segment of Missouri or something like that. It's like Missouri and Kansas, Something like it's like a huge area. It's not like one area. I think I think there is a town called Ozark, but I don't think like when people refer to Ozark, they think of like just that whole general area but where are you going?
Okay where's that at?
All? Right Chester
new
york.
Thanks.
Yeah he has to wear masks at school and stuff. Yeah I hate wearing masks, it's the worst, I hate that. Mhm
Oh I couldn't imagine wearing glasses wearing
that. Yeah
Mhm. Yeah I just can't wait until you don't have to wear a mask anymore because that's really annoying. It's kind of sad to see you know other people wearing masks too. Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah my class you can do it either
online
or in person so they will okay my school, they let you go to school still, You just have to wear masters like 100% required. Um The thing about my classes that you can take it online or um in person but you have to be there at least one day for every two weeks, so it's it's kind of convenient that way because especially if you know you're sick or something, you can just stay home and do pretty much the same exact thing you'll be able to do, you know if you were at school. So they made it very convenient like that like they have these like recording devices on all the teachers so you can hear them as they're talking and this is a very convenient way of still being able to get that learning experience just from home
like. Although it's kind of crazy because today like almost half my class was gone and we had uh I had to do a group assignment and only half of our group was there and it just so happens that the half of my group that had the assignment wasn't there, so we had to just come up with something For that like 15 minutes we had.
It's really hard.
Yeah. Uh That's fine, we got points so
Right is there anything you wanted to get into? Uh Is there anything you've been wanting to get into recently?
Like just anything like entertainment or anything you've gotten into recently? I guess it's like
it.
Oh so did you play it when it first came out?
Okay. Yeah I played that a lot when it first came out like a ton. Like it was insane how much open. Uh Let me tell you I lost probably like £30 just playing that game. No joke. It was it was pretty insane how how hard I wouldn't for that game like especially when they had to remember when they had the tracker and I'll tell you how far you were from the Pokemon.
It was like at the very beginning because they got rid of it a couple months after.
when they had that I was just I was all over my my little block I had and when they got rid of that I was like really upset. Like there is a system where people would go into the code of the game and would have a I guess have a system that was based on that original concept of the tracker where I tell you how far you are. So it would actually put the Pokemon on like an actual google map and tell you exactly where they were because at that point they had gotten rid of that. So I was just using that to um I was like looking on my computer and seeing what Pokemon were there and I pretty much once, once I Pokemon popped up I just ran outside my house and got the Pokemon. Okay like that, that's pretty much the only thing you can do at that point because they didn't have the regular tracker but um that's there.
What's
your
favorite, what's your favorite Pokemon?
Okay.
yeah, did you um did you play like Pokemon at all growing up?
Mhm. Yeah, I was never really a Pokemon fan growing up, I just watched the anime
And then I also played a Pokemon colosseum and XD never played those. Thanks.
There are there on the game cube?
Yeah. What systems you have growing up?
you never you never played a Nintendo game then, or like I never had like an incentive system,
wow, there's a lot of games you play that a lot. Um I I think my favorite Pokemon would probably be, I have like a favorite Pokemon for every generation. Like how do you know what Robin B is?
It's a it's a generation seven Pokemon. It's pretty new. Yeah it's from sun and moon. So but I think before that I would definitely say that like my number one answer would always be a poem. Yeah. I don't know just something about Pokemon smiling like that. I don't know, maybe maybe it's his tail, I'm not sure. Oh and then there's the evolution ambi pom that's like two tails and then it's like tails has hands. It's really weird and you can climb on trees with his tail of crazy. Right? Uh
Mhm.
Uh mainly watch action related ones like Hunter X. Hunter and one piece like one pieces like that's my number one all time favorite. Like it used to be Naruto but then I got introduced to one piece and that has just exceeded any type of expectation I could have possibly out of that show. Right? People don't really even talk about one piece that much, but it's like insanely good. I
could
Yeah. I don't know for me personally, I just never really met anybody has talked about one piece as much as the other two at least. Because of course like I grew up with watching Dragon Ball and then also uh grew up watching Naruto but one piece is always just not in the conversation really. I think it's because like it never really had
a good job at least if you know the original Dubbing it was by four kids, you know they are
four kids. It's like it's like this uh this really bad doubling company that's kind of like a I mean because of how bad they're doubling is. Like uh I remember the first time I went back and tried looking at the one piece dub and I just could not even watch a minute of it because the voices were terrible. And then and then I saw that there was actually a company that was doing the dubbing like re dubbing it and that's when I started watching it.
Uh huh. I don't know the thing is I used to be like that but nowadays I'm starting to get more into more into subbing because there's certain shows that just aren't dub that looked really interesting. I think there's like this one on amazon was like amazon Prime video and it was like this show about this writer or not not this writer was like this guy that was really smart and they're trying to make a dictionary or something like that. It's really interesting. They were talking about how much work it takes
to make a dictionary. It's awesome. I never actually got to to finish that. I don't know if you ever heard of that one. I don't
remember what
the
name
was. Yeah so it shows what kind of shows do you watch them?
Yeah how he sees me, stuff like that. Mhm. Mhm.
I tried getting into that. Can really get into it. But do you recommend it?
I just love the, just love anime just in general because just really get into it. You can really feel for the characters and everything. Right? But what we um did you grow up watching Enemy?
Okay
I'm sorry.
Mhm. Have you ever been to like any conventions or anything? Yeah.
Mm. Yeah, I get it. Yeah. I don't know. I don't think I'd ever go to a convention like that. Uh huh.
Yeah. People go really, really, really into that have a really detailed costumes you bring up these big swords and stuff.
Mm Yeah, obviously I can't do that. It looked like a clown. Uh huh.
Uh huh.
What
the Gambia? No, no, not really. I know my my dad is heavily into this sports in general, but I never really got into it. I I do like playing sports games though. Well not like not sports games as in like FIFA and Madden stuff like that. More like just Mario, like baseball and Mario, like strikers and soccer like that. You ever played the Murray sports games?
Yeah, they have like soccer, baseball, they have uh golf, tennis I think that and then they have like a one that's just a bunch of different sports that has like volleyball and dodgeball and stuff like that in hockey.
Yeah, I think it was like superstar tennis or something like that.
Yeah. Never played mariokart. Yeah. Yeah who you always choose?
Yeah. Yeah I lose my second favorite definitely said pick Yoshino or
Yeah she's like my favorite marvel character. Always choose them and everything. But then there's like Mario party you've ever played Mario party.
Yeah but I freaking love Mario party. Our party is awesome.
I get really into that. It's like there's so much strategy like under all the luck and stuff. This I don't know I just it's like one of the best games to play with your friends definitely like that and Mario kart. It's really all I need replace smash bro's. Which one is a brawler.
it's probably brawl then. What was your favorite character?
Yeah it was awesome.
I think they brought him back in uh the new one
So that's another game you can get for the switch. This is smash ultimate.
That
yeah it's the L. C. Yeah they're still releasing characters in that game. I'm still in shock that they're even doing that because they put in every single character that's ever been in smash into that game. Just insane. You'll never really never see any other fighting game ever do that again because that's a lot of work to do that I can imagine. Mm.
Oh yeah. So I think yeah my
favorite character and smash would probably be falco in malay. And then in like the recent games like smash for the one on the Wii U. And three Ds. I'd say it's definitely pacman like packed me. It was just like pac man is really he's a really a different character. Like you can do all these crazy things with him and just you like glitch like there's this bell item that he has and if you pick it up and
you go under the stage, you can actually throw it up and we'll go through the stage. Like I used to I used to play in tournaments with pac man and I only did it once, but the one time I did that it was like this high intensity match where I was playing one of the best players in the entire um and the state, and there was a bunch of people watching me in the back and I didn't, I I was I was losing anyway, so I just went I jumped off, I went under the stage, I threw it up at him and everybody in the back, I was like, like it was it was like straight out of an away, it was like what? Like everybody just yelled like that is insane. I think I killed him with that actually. Because like the thing with the bell is that actually stuns you so you can't really do anything after you get hit by it.
They are. Gosh, like just look up any pacman videos around like smash brothers and you'll see like a bunch of crazy things that people can do. It's awesome. You're sizes hydrant, they can throw down and just hit it and does like a ton of damage awesome. Yeah,
But yeah.
Yeah, I think so. Yeah.
holes.
That
stopped
me.
Yeah. You too. All right. Bye.