Hello?
What?
Yeah, I can hear you.
Who? Yeah.
Okay,
I'm good, How would you?
Um My name is leo,
to meet you.
Um Currently I'm a freshman um in college.
What's your major?
Uh That's cool,
undecided. I think I'm going to go down that business wrote.
Oh no, not at all. Yeah.
Uh like I want pets, but like my parents are like a big milan that also I'm allergic to dogs and cats.
Yeah, I don't know, it's like I've always wanted dogs, but I feel like it's too much responsibility to take care of them, so I kind of want a cat.
Control
hobby wise, I just like watch shows, play games or just play tennis. Yeah,
pretty much, I'm trying to get into badminton right now, and that's about it. How about you?
brightness.
Oh yeah, I got one older brother.
Uh I'm blacking out for a second, He's like three years older ones and he's turning 21 like a couple of weeks. Mm
And then they play like single player story modes. Like, you know what, your three or like Persona five or like the Spiderman games?
Oh, me too.
The Personas. I recently got Persona for Gold on Steam, so I'm so like going through that.
it's a little bit weird the playing on my computer versus the PS four,
but
I thought
like what? Uh I was just like, I thought was a computer sign and she would prefer like gaming on the computer.
I know.
But
error.
Hello?
I'll
check
it out.
What is your favorite games then? Besides Arizona?
What?
All right.
Oh, I want to. Is it only on the switch though?
Okay. Yeah, I haven't gotten to it because I don't have to switch yet, but it's like because I heard a lot of people said was similar to percent of five, so that's why I want to play it. Mm
it is. Mhm
This basically want to switch now. Yeah. All right,
Uh huh uh it's all right because I'm usually more into like the story. That's why I wouldn't mind that.
Yeah, it was a called Astra with
one
Ernest
yeah, that's like been my lookout because I learned that the developers are the same as the winter. Yeah.
Yeah, I really like games where like you make the choices.
Yeah
uh I was like, um, where do you go to school too?
Where's
that day? Where is Ozarka?
okay. I'm going to University of Rochester
Rochester new york.
It's
like,
yeah, it's kind of there. Is that near buffalo butt next
to buffalo? Mhm
I think it's my glasses always fog up when I get inside the class.
I don't,
not bad, you just have to like adjust it correctly.
So much your classes like in line or in person.
I don't
even
What?
that's
the worse.
That's all that matters. No,
I like hobby ones.
huh. I mean it wasn't
recent, but you know, Pokemon go, I've been like playing that more recently.
Oh yeah, she was like during wintertime, I don't really go out as much, so I never played it.
I can't,
I can't remember it. Okay.
What
else
is?
Uh huh. See we just got a Squirtle.
All right.
I did like, I want to say I'm like, I know everything about it and not like a couple of things there there. I think I played like a leaf green soul, silver. I think I was just supposed to
why? Mhm
No,
and I never had a game cube.
I think I had a PS two in Xbox 3 60. Yeah,
I have like the DS, but that's it,
Bondi. I think you might recognize it. I can't think of baptism. Yeah.
Uh do
you watch animals? Yes. Oh, what kind?
I
do usually like one piece Naruto and then like dragon ball.
No.
Who are they?
So you only like watch dog? Not so
All
I
think
I
have.
I think similar to you. I watch like action is or like the slice of life ones?
Was that like my all time favorite would be attack on titan? Uh huh.
I would like season four is coming up and it's that's like the final season. It's like so much happens. Uh huh.
Um Not really, it was mainly like cooking on, but then like in middle school I watched like Naruto in my share too, but that's about it. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Wait,
I think of questions. Yes.
Evan yeah, traveled because most of them are like in California and stuff. I'm not into it that much to want to travel.
I just feel like I'll be underdressed with like everyone wearing like their costumes and cosplay.
Yeah. Today the her some
Mhm
Uh huh.
Mhm Yeah. Are you into watching the NBA?
um I didn't know they had it
I think I did play something, I don't think it was smart thing, but it was like tennis with like sonic and stuff.
I think so.
I can't remember so I like to read you or something.
She is so good.
Oh yeah. Yeah, I think that my ideas, I think I was like my favorite game.
It's a good game.
Mhm I think it was brawl is probably the one released in 2010 or something around that time. Mhm
It's probably the book one trainer. She usually have like pretty much 30 characters. Mhm.
And,
well
I
heard that joker was in there.
Yeah.
Right.
No.
all
Yeah.
I think that 25 minutes have passed
i it's
good
to
meet
you.