SPEAKER_L: Oh. Mhm. Oh, come on. Mhm, mm, mm hmm. Mhm. Oh shit. Okay. What? Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Next Sorry? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Hi, nice to meet you know?
SPEAKER_R: Hello,
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: how's it going?
SPEAKER_L: How about you?
SPEAKER_R: Not too bad. So where you at?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Los Angeles right now.
SPEAKER_R: Okay so you guys you still got, they like it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. What about you? You
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: already
SPEAKER_R: all in new york so it's already sons already set for us,
SPEAKER_L: it's eight PM over there, right? Because you guys are Eastern time,
SPEAKER_R: Yep. three hours ahead
SPEAKER_L: wow, nice while living in new york and see awesome. Like all these bustling, right?
SPEAKER_R: in this pandemic. What? Are you kidding
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: yourself?
SPEAKER_L: mean in L. A. It's kind of the same where it's still like kind of busy still. People aren't taking it too seriously. I still see like santa Monica's packed with restaurants, like outside dining. No one seems to be like scared about it. I see like outdoor malls really packed still.
SPEAKER_R: the funny thing is L. A. You can still support that but in new york where we'll actually this week it kind of warmed
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: up compared to last week. But when you talk about um outdoor dining right we're right at that cussed that. Where nobody is very very really very very comfortable now just sitting in outdoor it's the weather is going to start, the temperatures will start dipping. And the funny thing was you got all these restaurants who are preparing for that and the city is also preparing for that by opening up outdoor dining with propane heating and obviously in order to make that worthwhile. I don't see what they did was you know have something off on the side of the street, on the side of the sidewalk that has four walls a roof and plastic covering all the way up to the roof. So no, so no real exposure to the outside air. How was that cold outdoor diamond?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it kind of defeats the purpose because you're
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: still
SPEAKER_R: probably
SPEAKER_L: in a confined area with uh
SPEAKER_R: They have all those like, you know the the outdoor dining boxes that they use the summer, you allowed to air to ventilate through, which is normal now the winter everybody has, you know, plexi glass and plastic achieving all the
SPEAKER_L: There
SPEAKER_R: way up to
SPEAKER_L: is an
SPEAKER_R: the roof. They got the propane tank, the propane heater running. So I'm looking at that going like how do you all that? I thought that I was like, oh my God, the pathetic thing is the city is looking at this and they're allowing this because technically you're outside the the the the doorway of the establishment. Yes, sir. By the letter of the law, that does mean you're outdoors, but I mean, come on, that's just, I won't tell you, you gotta be kidding me, right? Especially you go you go to the more this was this is very very pronounced in the like the and I'm not surprised to say it's more fun. I mean I'm assuming you're asian, right? And I'm surprised to say it's it's actually more pronounced in the asian areas more than anything. I look at, I look at like koreatown here in new york, which is literally right really write down wind of the Empire State building and that she is absolutely packed with people just like that. I'm still kind of going like wait a second. So I mean this is koreatown. Yes, but we all heard about the stories in Korea how people congregated in the church and the church was the super spreader. That the super spreader right now you're outdoor
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: dining, but yet you're but this you're not that far apart. Your, this uh, encapsulated. I'm just looking at this going like, wait, we were just looking to start the rules here. Is that a word? Well,
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: honestly, especially living in new york, you really get a sense of The numbers are just staggering. I mean, honestly, you know, we think the they said the infection rates has hovered at about 1% now and still, I lost count of the number of cases. I mean, literally mean, my colleagues were have some colleagues out in the suburbs, you know, upstate or you know, all around the tri state area. And we were all just comparing numbers. I'm like, you guys, you guys got literally have nothing on me. I I'm sitting in between. It's funny, uh, this is really current events, uh, since
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: there's been an uptick in the, and a lot of these hotspots, which is a lot of these Orthodox jewish, um, spots, right? The, both the mayor and the governor has instituted by zip codes that non essential businesses should close. And I was just telling my colleagues who are concerned, they were like, you're, you're in southern Brooklyn, right? And they don't like, you don't want the hotspots. I'm like, no by might as well be, I have one to the north of me. I have once the worst of me and on the east side myself, I'm surrounded by the ocean.
SPEAKER_L: So it's like a kind of sandwiched in between you're about to get its creeping into your, your place.
SPEAKER_R: it's, it's kind of disturbing to, I mean, it's just like I, I grew up, like I write, I write the subway at least. Well back then they used to be almost every day now. We're talking about once a week maybe. Um, I'm not exaggerating. I think it would be, it's a mandatory face mask policy obviously, but I think if we get close to 80% compliance, I think that being while the bus is actually a bit better on the subway, look I any given day, not a, not a pack train, Maybe 15 people on the train on a non rush hour times, You know, 15 people,
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: You've got maybe 10 of those people wearing a mask. And correctly, you have about three of those people wearing a mask, but incorrectly. And you got to that frankly. They just don't care. They just not wearing it flat out. But I'm looking at it saying, well, are those any better than the one me technically if you're not wearing one, are you better than the ones that are wearing one around that shit? Because people wearing a God, you realize that right?
SPEAKER_L: I've seen the like, it's like they don't even cover their nose or some of them are just like, yeah, they're just wearing it down here. It's crazy.
SPEAKER_R: Well, the funny thing is I bring my kids out of, my oldest son is looking at me going like, wait, can I wear like that? That man over there, like you never want to do that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: super ineffective, doesn't
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: do it.
SPEAKER_R: wife is fanatical about that. Where literally we have four, you know, with that four people in my household, my two kids and my wife, right? And we literally have face masks for face masses for each person, meaning
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: I use this model. She uses one of the oldest son uses another model and the youngest son uses another model. So it's that specific. So that's why I told my son, you know what if you don't wear it right? Mom is gonna kill you or something else is going to kill you. But especially it's just it's just fascinating. It's I don't know how things, how things over in L. A. I mean are people compliant? What's the story
SPEAKER_L: All over L. A. I feel like there's different beliefs about whether or not the coronaviruses real, so in oc
SPEAKER_R: still?
SPEAKER_L: we have desires that like flat out deniers and they don't wear pass and they just walk around the beach wearing
SPEAKER_R: the funny
SPEAKER_L: nothing.
SPEAKER_R: thing is I have one of these chats right? I had it with a person and he was he was like, he told me it was about 40 minutes south of Austin. Yeah, from there they were questioning, he was trying to tell me is it really that bad in new york? I'm like well the bodies are piling up. I mean literally I showed the story where there was, we had a freezer truck outside Elmer's Hospital. I know intently because I actually have a colleague who lives in Elmer's and freezer truck out there, the hospital why? Because the morgue was, the board was out of space and that's really a thing. So they were literally piling bodies in that freezer truck. I was just telling that person from Austin, I'm like they would just hire freezer truck just for you know nothing you know just for just for giggles. All I'm saying is it really, I find it hard to believe that um
SPEAKER_L: What, well
SPEAKER_R: the suburbs
SPEAKER_L: look,
SPEAKER_R: are really the suburban counties or the ones that, well they're the ones that are going to question whether or not it's real because they're not um that closely populated, right? But I'm surprised in L. A. Too zealous. I mean they're L. It's got to be pretty densely packed in certain areas as well. So.
SPEAKER_L: thought, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: What was your question? So what?
SPEAKER_R: What what a lot of questions. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. I was gonna say most of L. A. Is I would say it's like a little progressive. I think those people who like in richer areas like suburban cities go see everyone, they just don't believe in that and they're like the kind of the same people that don't believe in the efficacy of vaccines. They believe like, oh this is a mass conspiracy that china like made this virus and brought it over to um like delegitimized trump's presidency and all these different things. It's great.
SPEAKER_R: And people left and right and just happened to be dying.
SPEAKER_L: We'll just use anything to justify like their own beliefs and you
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: it's fascinating that and the thing about this obviously just just the
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: virus is really dominating all all forms of life. But it's fascinating that people have been really really convinced otherwise. I mean I have have a you know very very close friend Um and he's been
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: friends for a long time in 20 years and he works as an E. M. T. So the exposure is vastly high. The funny thing was funny story about that was my sister works as a nurse. She has a lot of nursing colleagues, P. A. S. You know doctors whatnot. And they're running joke here is this yeah they have a whole circle. Maybe for
SPEAKER_L: And.
SPEAKER_R: 15 20 people. one person got coronavirus, the accountant. Why? And it's not like he was an H. And R. Block, you know he was a corporate accountant. So he was going to his office, you know, do not really know. He actually he stopped going to his office. He was actually
SPEAKER_L: There's a home at home working.
SPEAKER_R: you Yeah. Well I'm just saying that so many high risk professions that you could put your money on the accountant is the one that get, I cannot explain it. And you know, I was because I was telling my, my friend who was, who was using the empty and he was recovering from a corona and it hit him like a ton of bricks. And I'm like, this guy, this guy is a few months younger than I am and you know, about six times healthier than I am I gonna say. So, he gets hit so bad. He has to relearn walking. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: goodness.
SPEAKER_R: this was right around Mother's Day and he was, he made a social media post that, you know, he was telling his mother, um he couldn't do anything for Mother's Day. He just, he was literally standing on a walker and relearning how to take the first steps because um he contracted it somewhere in april and he was intubated out for a number of days
SPEAKER_L: My
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: mom.
SPEAKER_R: by my mother's Day, he, she could barely get off the bed because his, that his body had actually, actually, to the fact that he was in bed for so long, he had to read his muscles had to be reconditioned completely for walking. And this
SPEAKER_L: come
SPEAKER_R: one,
SPEAKER_L: on.
SPEAKER_R: I mean, this is a completely help, let me know if you put it side by side, you're gonna say he's healthier. 100 people are gonna say he's healthier than I, for certainty, especially considering he's still, he's married, but he ain't got no kids either, so, yes, he's a lot healthier than I am. I can't stress that. I was telling them that I'm gonna like, you're at high risk, you had a high exposure category, but I didn't consider them high risk. I was like, you know, it could be very well that I've caught before, but maybe I was asymptomatic and I was assuming, you know, this was still back in april whoever you are going like, you know, only the only the old people need to worry about it. The young ones, you know, you might catch it, but you know, your your fear is more spreading it to your, your your elders than you are actually passing away from it. But the more time passes on and the more people that get affected and you see the growing trend is especially even in new york rescuing that the people were shown symptoms and being hospitalized. They're saying it's trending younger and younger. And there's two points of view to look at that one. The conspiracy theory is that of course it's trending younger and younger. The old ones already died. Yeah, that's that's the real hard start to look at it, but but that doesn't mean that that's the case. If it's trending younger and younger, that does mean one thing younger people are being admitted
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: to the hospital and being hospitalized. So that completely only mean one thing. It's that well, if you're gonna tell me, you know, initially it didn't impact the younger population it is now. And that's that's my fear really because there's so many vaccines being developed right now and with such peace, that one, nobody is sure of how effective it can be. Two. It's a little bit like, okay, you you made a cure for a disease of a strain of that disease. But that by the time you lied to the public, that's strange. Mine already mutated to report where your vaccine might not be, might not be as efficient as you thought it might be. So, it it's like I tell everybody if there was a vaccine, I would be hesitant to take it, but if I see that it's you know, viable and if it's if it's safe, I think I'd take it. But not with them knowledge that, you know, that's it, life returns normal because even under the under the presumption that you are now vaccinated, I'm so I mean this is I can't substantiate this, but this might be just a sense where if the vaccine is effective against a previous strand and now you're vaccinated against it. Well, the strand, the strand that's out there might not be the strand that you're vaccinated against granted. It's still good to have immunity against any strain of this virus. You still look at it and say, I'm pretty sure we're gonna be uh since my wife, my wife was in Hong kong during um during stars, right at the back of the three. So she's going like, I really think that people will be wearing masses for at least a year or two, and I'm like initially I would have told her back in april, I'm going well, I think that's a little that's a little dramatic. Or but you know, as we get further and further, I'm like, maybe maybe it's going to be a year, maybe it's gonna be two years.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think it's going to be way long in the future until we're going to be able to like, because even if the vaccine is going to be put out to the public, half of the popular, some of the population isn't willing to take that because they also believe
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: that that's a conspiracy in itself. So
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: then we have to battle that like some people have that um like that fixing, but others don't. And then it's just gonna be like another mess that, you
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: know, pit stems against republicans again, even though it shouldn't be a partisan partisan issue, but it's going to be made into one again, so it's gonna be crazy. We're always like in this constant battle where it's like, oh, what one person says this, like, especially the leader of our country saying like, oh, it's it's a lie, this whole thing is a lie and their followers to play that. It's hard to get everyone on the same page and I think we're gonna be stuck in this for like years and years,
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: Sorry?
SPEAKER_R: then and that really is a scary thing when everybody can't come to some sort of agreement on it. It's almost like you hate for the I mean, I might be cynical here, but if you don't believe this and you don't get vaccinated and as a result you do get infected and it does impact you. I could be cynical and say, well, yeah, you had it coming all right. But we would also hate for the for the person who actually vaccinated actually practice social business. But he still gets hit because the Strand is so prevalent out there that it mutated amongst all these transmissions and he still gets hit. And you go like well no he might be an I don't want to say unintended casualty but it's almost like there's nothing he could do. And then what I mean? It's I love that one when when the jewish when we have these jewish hot spots around us, right? And they were saying that the
SPEAKER_L: On
SPEAKER_R: spread
SPEAKER_L: the split
SPEAKER_R: isn't coming from their congregation
SPEAKER_L: portion, I'm
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: sorry.
SPEAKER_R: that they should have they should be allowed more than uh 50 people at a at um that they're gathering. And I'm looking at. But
SPEAKER_L: Look,
SPEAKER_R: what if what if what if it does happen? There's not it's like it's like what McConnell says there's got to be a liability for these businesses to reopen. I'm looking at it saying like, okay, so when you go to church, so it's like going to church is going to some sort of high risk events, so you're gonna have to sign your name here and what
SPEAKER_L: look,
SPEAKER_R: waive your right to be treated, because that's what you end up the end up being. I mean, I don't, I don't prosecute anybody's religion. You have a right to believe whatever it is you want to leave. Well, I mean, it's a belief, right? Is there a need for if you believe something, is there a need for you to absolutely believe it in such a public manner? Well, that's what I'm saying. I mean, if you were gathering no zoom is, you know, and not a bill, but I'm saying is if if you're a parishioner, why can you speak to your I always, you know, your religious believers, why couldn't you speak to them virtually how
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: how's the message not delivered? I mean you look at the information each way. Look if if something is and I don't want to say work is important, but it's what keeps the, you know, the economy running right? If something is important work could be handled in a virtual format. Why couldn't religion be handled over?
SPEAKER_L: Germany
SPEAKER_R: Dude? I don't know. I mean, I'm not religious, but I'm saying here is isn't God? If there was one, isn't he everywhere? Couldn't you pray from your, I mean the one thing about the Muslims at least they get it right is look, they have to pray five times a day, but not as long as they face mecca, They don't care where they're at. Could you do that? Do you have to go to you know, this house every saturday for them? Sunday for Catholics. Is it not necessary? I mean, because I honestly believe when religion, when that group was institute meeting a gathering every weekend, I think it was instituted a lot of these communities. And still is, it's because you live in a suburb community where you might not see everybody else outside of your one neighbor whose, you know, probably, You know, eight miles away by cow.
SPEAKER_L: This is just
SPEAKER_R: No, you may not see anybody else for for years, if you don't meet once a week, that was like a community event, I get that. But when you're in the city, I see some of these people every other day. Is there really a need for me to gather in a church just so that we could prayed in a somewhat together format. I mean, quite honestly, if your God, you can hear me when I'm alone, right? Just, just, that's what I'm saying here me out people, it's gonna fall where? And the funny thing is they might be just using these religious, like I see this, um, some of these, some of these
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: religious rituals, right? Like they were saying, I don't want that. They're saying some sort of Torah, some, they were literally carrying some sort of jewish sculpture
SPEAKER_L: contracts.
SPEAKER_R: or something like that into the synagogue and meanwhile it was like, it's a semi protest because in normal times you're never going to have 100, people flood the streets just for this ceremony. Look, I mean, if if something as, I'm not saying that the religions are sacred, but look, we've, we've cancelled parades. I mean, I think that new york, the Macy's Day, thanksgiving day parade, that's going virtual this year. So how did the customs and traditions were accustomed to also being rehashed in some form that way it's safe for everybody. So I'm just saying if your religion, you know, I think there's a safe way to practice is I don't know how to put this. It's
SPEAKER_L: there
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: is definitely,
SPEAKER_R: it's crazy. And that's why that's why I look at this and say, you know what? The one thing the restaurant industry got right and it's funny about about, you know, people in in closed faces, the one thing that they get right was, but it wasn't really like they were trying to get it right when new york city, we just recently opened back up. In fact, the beginning, the month we opened back up to indoor dining only at one quarter of the capacity and the restaurants, restaurants did get this one thing right. They questioned the city why could schools reopen at full capacity, But restaurants can't open at half capacity because kids could go into school and do what not be next to each other, not eating the same building, not, it's just and that's the one reason my my my my son is not home. It's now remote learning
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: is because they did get that right. You know, they're not, they're not wrong. Why? If it's just if it's the same right? You go into a building next to a bunch of people.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: Well, I don't
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: care if that's a restaurant or school. The virus. The virus certainly doesn't care. It's still going to spread regardless. So I found I found it a little bit funny the restaurants to actually get it right. But I look at that issue and I'm gonna like, you got it right. But you do realize that that still doesn't mean you get open. You got it right, meaning you're only you're only going to close the schools.
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: That's a lovely because they got to argue as if that was the reason for them to open. And I look at Douglas by saying that that's no reason for the schools to close, not for you to hold
SPEAKER_L: Are the schools open in new york?
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: and the
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: hotspots
SPEAKER_L: will happen?
SPEAKER_R: and the hot spots. No, they're not. Or if you're in the hospital zone, technically they are. But they gave everybody the option to remote learn. And I believe the split is around 52 Going to school and 48% staying home, which is just for you, it's putting it absorb it amount of stress on the teachers because now you all of a sudden have, was essentially another role. You know, you have, you have, you have a whole lot of sector that have to do remote learning. And then you have uh you know the whole the regular teachers uh you know the teachers were just because they keep the parent surprised and by going to the P. T. A. Meetings that are like this can't be you know along going um hey. But I I looked at them and said well either that or you know just eliminate schooling for now because there's no safe way to do it. And and when I say there was no safe way I was talking to my cousin who has a There's a 14 year old. I'm gonna like, I don't think there's a safe way for a 14 year old to do much less minds. A four year old like
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: forget it. I mean I'm not certain that someone like, you know, because when he was in pre K. Obviously he played with the other classmates, other kids, right? I'm like, well, yeah, this year, if you do go back, you're not gonna be able to do that. Yeah. And then he came over a question that just stopped me and said, then then why am I going to school? Right. Well technically you learn stuff at school. Like, but wasn't that just they did a period of remote learning from March to june It just ask them. Just told me that
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: sometimes kids are smarter than you think just to tell me, isn't that exactly what we were doing a couple months ago? The I was like, you know, you were you're right. I can't tell you if
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: I send you back and you're gonna be doing something similar to your here or send you back at all. I can't I really can't answer back.
SPEAKER_L: Have they been advising cases in the schools that are like a similar capacity due to the students?
SPEAKER_R: The funny funny thing here is this I think there will be I mean, the realistic part of it, I think there would be, But they're saying, and parents are there was this I just read about over the weekend, there was this one first known case of a parent
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: learning that the child was being tested at school while not having signed the agreement. And I was looking at it by saying that way. Okay. So if you didn't sign the agreement, your kid couldn't have gone into school. So their argument was that um, they didn't want the child to be tested just regardless.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: You know, I
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: was just looking out and saying that it's been a random testing and quite honestly, if you don't test, then, huh? Does not go back to what trump said. If you don't test, the rates don't rise. But not just warning us. All right. Well, that's like saying, yeah, but not that many people died because of this. Because well, you know, back then when we when you said, you know, there was all these these plagues. Yeah. We have names for now. We call it cancer. We call diabetes. We call it a lot of different names now. There's medical terms for it. But if you test for it, technically, yeah, he's right. That infection we don't go up. Well, that's that's just fool yourself. Right. That's the two officials are saying, you know, some of these parents and I saw the same forms, right? They send you the form.
SPEAKER_L: true.
SPEAKER_R: They tell you you kind of have the Siamese releasing to even get into the school building, not to go to school. Just get into the build. So and quite honestly at my place of work, you know, we're we're working from home now. But when I have to go back to the office, I have to say that I have to sign that same waiver. It's just I still think that this is a public um standard that's got to be enforced. And honestly, it's the enforcing part that's that's that's just, I mean, I don't make public policy, but I don't see how it could be done. If it's for that in new york, it's worse. The police are the one that's not doing, it's an absolute joke. I could see the crossing God and I'm walking down 3rd Avenue and four or 5 course in God's have there uh do you hear the one that doesn't doesn't have one? And this is this is now people who are enforcing the rule, right? So if he sees you crossing the street about a mass, you think he's gonna tell me to put one on? What do I tell them by the way? This works both ways. I'm just saying okay the authority figures are the ones who are not enforcing this. I just don't see how,
SPEAKER_L: And they're not leading by example to
SPEAKER_R: Oh no they're they're definitely not. The funny thing here is they're the meaning. I mean they might just be a cop on the beat right? But their leaders are backing them. They're saying yeah we we don't think they should we have we should have to enforce these rules. But that needs me to think wait this is just a mass right? So next time you're gonna tell you you're gonna tell your men, yeah if you know if you see a caucasian person crossing the street even if he's carrying cocaine you know you don't arrest him because um we are very selective in the rules reinforce. Wait what's the point? If you can be selective and the rules you enforce? Can I be selective in the rules that I follow? I'm just saying that's the case. I'm just gonna walk and walk into mason said, yeah, today, I don't feel like I feel like I'm gonna take the stuff off the shelves and go leaving what I just
SPEAKER_L: Robin,
SPEAKER_R: don't feel like.
SPEAKER_L: please.
SPEAKER_R: Well, that's why I mean, you're not you don't want enforcing the rules and you're the you're not following the rules. It's hard. It's really difficult.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's a crazy time right now.
SPEAKER_R: You got that Right?
SPEAKER_L: It's so crazy too because in the beginning everyone kind of was thinking that, you know, we believed in what everyone was saying like the trump especially where it was like no bigger than the flu. And then we didn't all think it would last the song, but all of a sudden everyone's lives changed. Like I remember L A streets was just completely empty. Like the
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: freeways. It was usually it's like bag back traffic and you can't even move. It was just like he was wild to see it. It felt like apocalypse or something like seeing the streets. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I have two different experiences regarding that, same as anything. Uh Two days ago when I drove when I drove to midtown, I just drove a little no traffic. I don't just want a If it said 20 minutes on Google maps, I was able to get their 20 minutes of the dot without a traffic, first of all, that never happens. Right? That's just cool to show you people just, you know, hiding in there homes and whatnot. But now I get to Times Square, right? And I'm like, wow, not not only other, obviously the tourists are there, right. The only people that was there was homeless person and one video crew that I think was actually just recording, you know, the,
SPEAKER_L: emptiness.
SPEAKER_R: your pockets if you will. But I'm like, what is that record? There's literally nothing going on. I mean the signs are moving, you know, there are on, but nobody's here whatsoever. It, it
SPEAKER_L: With
SPEAKER_R: is really, you know, it's, it's area, it's like if you watch any of these apocalypse apocalypse films and obviously things are, you know, track. Well, actually, no, I shouldn't even say that some things were trashed. What I want to go on herald square. You know, this is the funny thing was, look, this year, you're right. This year is so crazy. If it wasn't for the coronavirus, I'm pretty sure any show at any of the social justice issues could have taken president. Like this was the headline that would dominate the airwaves. But let me let me bring you one further. Did you remember at the beginning of the year we were all talking about Australian brush fires
SPEAKER_L: I remember.
SPEAKER_R: And it was so funny, I was telling my wife just, just, just, just so recently we were talking about this that, you know, we should donate some money to help these, these koalas, right? And when March rolls in, I'm gonna like, hey honey, did you, do you realize that we don't see that commercial no more. That no longer time to save the quality? Because guess what? I'm sorry. They literally took a back seat to everything else that that's sort of happening, right? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it's it.
SPEAKER_R: It's funny. You know, it's literally, yeah, this year, so many issues you can name would have taken top building on any, any other year. Like all these social justice protesters, may I look at broccoli center, I look at the city hall park and I'm all like, and the other year when you have this amount of people gathering, chanting and protesting, it would absolutely be an outrage. But this year, all of a sudden that was secondary to the coronavirus. I'm going like, wow, this is, this is really a hell of you. I mean, I, I get everybody's hoping that it's over soon, but it's almost like if we don't find something to kind of clear the situation, it's almost like the years over, but you're not, you didn't fix it, then it's just gonna roll the next year.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like the this year's almost ending already 2020 was like that's just staying indoors the whole year.
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: No experiences that so happy.
SPEAKER_R: to, you know, it's almost like nobody. Last time we went on lockdown and you know and everything was down in March and we're going that way it's october and my wife was going like we could probably count, we could probably count on two hands the number of times we went out and that was complete over the summer and over everything more like you know what, this summer, I'll tell you this, me, I took the kids to the beach at least six times, But every single time except one I literally with was there were right in coney Island, we were there to catch the freaking sunset by the time eight o'clock rolled around eight o'clock, eight we are out there and then this one time I think we got up late and I still promise my kid we go, he was going to bring it up, we walked by there and going like, hey dad, is that usually the study people at the beach? I'm like, And you know, it was pretty on, on 12:00, you know, on a Saturday afternoon was pretty packed. Like, well not pretty packed is still relative to what it was before the pandemic. And I was like, this is usually what it's like son. And he's like, yeah, I don't like going to the beach no more like, yeah, the beach that we knew this summer was, it was literally when we went there, there were maybe six people total in the entire beach. And you know when I say six, you mean the closest one would be, you look off in the distance and that's either a fake palm tree or a person moving. That's what, that's what I mean by six people. That's good news. A new normal. We're gonna go to the beach. We're gonna have to go Um we have to go and luckily from where I am at, I could walk to the beach within 30 minutes. But you know, that's literally walking when the, When it's complete and when I say completely dark out, it's right now, it's 8.30. It's completely dark out. But It's a little bit different at 5.31 of the, when the street lights, right right at the point where the street lights turned off because they detect a hint of daylight. But since they turned off, it feels like it's completely dark out there. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I see that sounds like an awesome experience that just being able to experience the beach on your own, have it all to yourself.
SPEAKER_R: Well look, it wasn't for the past day, but I don't think I would ever was in my life. 17. Ever thought, Hey Honey, we should go to the beach at 5:30 AM.
SPEAKER_L: That's so cool. Yeah. I've never tried going to the beach shot early every time I go. It's like I usually wake up so late because I'd like to sleep in.
SPEAKER_R: Because you're looking into the code of the catch the sun somewhere up in the air, not just moving over the horizon. Go like we were like freaking vampires were like, hey honey, the sun's over the horizon now meeting back that line, we should start leaving because by the time we're leaving around 88 30 from the beach, There's about double the amount of people that that was already there. So there's about 14 people there. And let's start, let's start leaving. Because by the time we get all the way to
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: the train station where people started riding, we see people starting trickling in. Well, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: once this really starts getting packed, nobody feels comfortable anymore.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's true. It's better to be safe to that you guys leave so early.
SPEAKER_R: one lesson they should take away from this year
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, but I'll let you get on with your evening to hang out with your kids and it's
SPEAKER_R: wall
SPEAKER_L: pretty
SPEAKER_R: out.
SPEAKER_L: late out there. But it's so nice talking to you and meeting you.
SPEAKER_R: Likewise, what's
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: your name?
SPEAKER_L: my name is Kelly,
SPEAKER_R: Hey kelly. I'm side. Nice meeting
SPEAKER_L: sorry?
SPEAKER_R: you. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: Nice, nice to meet you. Hi,
SPEAKER_R: Bye.