Oh. Mhm. Oh, come on. Mhm, mm, mm hmm. Mhm. Oh shit. Okay. What? Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Next Sorry? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Hi, nice to meet you know?
Good.
How about you?
I'm in Los Angeles right now.
Yeah. What about you? You
already
it's eight PM over there, right? Because you guys are Eastern time,
wow, nice while living in new york and see awesome. Like all these bustling, right?
I
mean in L. A. It's kind of the same where it's still like kind of busy still. People aren't taking it too seriously. I still see like santa Monica's packed with restaurants, like outside dining. No one seems to be like scared about it. I see like outdoor malls really packed still.
What?
Yeah, it kind of defeats the purpose because you're
still
in a confined area with uh
There
is an
No.
Good.
So
So it's like a kind of sandwiched in between you're about to get its creeping into your, your place.
good.
I've seen the like, it's like they don't even cover their nose or some of them are just like, yeah, they're just wearing it down here. It's crazy.
Yeah. It's
super ineffective, doesn't
do it.
What?
All over L. A. I feel like there's different beliefs about whether or not the coronaviruses real, so in oc
we have desires that like flat out deniers and they don't wear pass and they just walk around the beach wearing
nothing.
What, well
look,
thought, yeah.
What was your question? So what?
Oh yeah. I was gonna say most of L. A. Is I would say it's like a little progressive. I think those people who like in richer areas like suburban cities go see everyone, they just don't believe in that and they're like the kind of the same people that don't believe in the efficacy of vaccines. They believe like, oh this is a mass conspiracy that china like made this virus and brought it over to um like delegitimized trump's presidency and all these different things. It's great.
We'll just use anything to justify like their own beliefs and you
know.
All
What?
And.
There's a home at home working.
goodness.
My
mom.
come
on.
What?
Yeah. I think it's going to be way long in the future until we're going to be able to like, because even if the vaccine is going to be put out to the public, half of the popular, some of the population isn't willing to take that because they also believe
that that's a conspiracy in itself. So
then we have to battle that like some people have that um like that fixing, but others don't. And then it's just gonna be like another mess that, you
know, pit stems against republicans again, even though it shouldn't be a partisan partisan issue, but it's going to be made into one again, so it's gonna be crazy. We're always like in this constant battle where it's like, oh, what one person says this, like, especially the leader of our country saying like, oh, it's it's a lie, this whole thing is a lie and their followers to play that. It's hard to get everyone on the same page and I think we're gonna be stuck in this for like years and years,
Sorry?
On
the split
portion, I'm
sorry.
Look,
look,
No,
Germany
This is just
So
contracts.
there
is definitely,
Good.
What?
No.
No,
Are the schools open in new york?
I
think
will happen?
what?
what?
And
Have they been advising cases in the schools that are like a similar capacity due to the students?
Uh huh. Uh huh.
What?
What?
true.
And they're not leading by example to
Robin,
please.
Yeah. It's a crazy time right now.
It's so crazy too because in the beginning everyone kind of was thinking that, you know, we believed in what everyone was saying like the trump especially where it was like no bigger than the flu. And then we didn't all think it would last the song, but all of a sudden everyone's lives changed. Like I remember L A streets was just completely empty. Like the
freeways. It was usually it's like bag back traffic and you can't even move. It was just like he was wild to see it. It felt like apocalypse or something like seeing the streets. Yeah.
emptiness.
With
I remember.
it's it.
Yeah. Like the this year's almost ending already 2020 was like that's just staying indoors the whole year.
No experiences that so happy.
I see that sounds like an awesome experience that just being able to experience the beach on your own, have it all to yourself.
That's so cool. Yeah. I've never tried going to the beach shot early every time I go. It's like I usually wake up so late because I'd like to sleep in.
What?
Yeah.
Yeah, that's true. It's better to be safe to that you guys leave so early.
Yeah, but I'll let you get on with your evening to hang out with your kids and it's
pretty
late out there. But it's so nice talking to you and meeting you.
because
my name is Kelly,
sorry?
Nice, nice to meet you. Hi,