Oh, right. Yeah, My brother. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah, I know. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Hello?
I
think.
I'm sorry.
I can hear you just fine.
Set
the timer to make sure we reached 25 minutes, so
that's
good.
I've never done a video CHAT one before. This is a
definitely stepping a little outside my comfort zone, you know, it's the
I'm
massive,
so
Oh, that's
so
all
the
time
doesn't
have you not?
So where do you live?
right, right. I'm in decatur Alabama, so not too far from you.
I
like
that.
Yeah. Well, my wife, well, we're dating the time we weren't married, but my wife and I went several years back just for a weekend trip. It was pretty fun. Just kind of, you know, saw all the sights and ate barbecue some ribs, so
Yeah. So yeah, it's about 3.5 4 hours from us, so, you know, not, not a bad trip at all for just, you know, we can trip or whatever.
It's
a couple. I we are, yeah, we've been a handful of times. I mean, I've seen it, you know, it's and
I
well
crazy.
You know, I've never really heard much about the art scene. My wife's a huge, you know, art nerd, so she's probably really like that. Maybe I need to look into, but
yeah, kind of uh it's more pulled pork than ribs I guess, which was being tested them for. But we have some pretty good marketplaces around here. There's
uh pretty renowned called big bob Gibson's, they, it's pretty good that when a bunch of national competitions and they bottle their sauce and selling in grocery stores. I don't know if it's made it as far as Memphis it may have.
and
it seems like I've eaten into Corky's before not in Memphis but like is it a franchise outside of Memphis? Okay. Do what?
May have been Nashville Horror. We got a national quite a bit so.
Yeah I like Nashville. It's getting pretty damn crowded though like just to drive through the traffic is getting pretty bad.
Yeah it's I have some cousins that live up that way and went to visit them some point last year and or they but they don't live in Nashville. They live in Murfreesboro just outside of Nashville. Traffic was ridiculous On the way up there.
Hello?
Lord. Right. Uh huh.
I've never been to Hollywood,
I've always
wanted to go
no,
thank you.
no,
my wife has been there, she really liked it,
yeah, but I've never been, she went with some friends a few years ago, so we uh you were saying nina costs really add up, it's still cheaper than Disney World though, so I mean
risk,
Jesse,
Asheville,
yeah, that's what I understood, yeah, we went there, we went to the biltmore house a few years ago, it was christmas, that was really awesome,
no, we actually were staying in Gatlinburg and just drove up to Asheville for the day
and we we uh we didn't eat barbecue there. Remember the food was really good about huge food scene, and we went to this uh brewery that specializes insiders and that was pretty neat, so
uh
we did the wine tasting there, that was pretty cool.
Yeah, that'd be a good place. Yeah.
We tried to every once in a while, which we have my wife and I have one too. He just turned two and one on the way with the virus. Yeah. Do what?
you. Thank you. He's coming due dates November 21, but I'll be, I'm pretty sure they're going to induce a couple of weeks early, so
So, mm
Would you say?
We have three dogs. three dogs is way too many, but we got married and she had one and there they're still they're still alive and kicking.
She thinks,
that's me.
I mean this is
No, you don't,
I
don't know if I've ever seen him in neutral lab actually.
I've never even heard of that.
huh.
So
you live in Memphis also?
Does your sister live in Memphis
Also?
Mhm.
F
especially during the corona times, you know, people be home. I mean that'd
be rough.
we, which will, you know around the town and we need to, but we've been pretty much just staying at home. I mean,
yeah, we have, you know, our two year old goes to daycare, which I'm not thrilled about. We just don't have much of a choice there.
So
far
so good though.
fortunately she's a teacher but fortunately her school system decided to offer virtual classes this year and she's a she's teaching virtually from home
work is here.
That would be scary
kids.
But
I
want to be able to be a teacher. I don't have patience with kids.
No.
Uh well, most of the time I'm working from home. Yeah. I worked for Nasa. I'm a flight controller for Nasa. So I have to go in and you know, work, consult shifts every once in a while. But most of the time I'm working at home.
So
basically Houston's, we're like, okay. So I'm I work on the International Space station in Houston is still there, still in charge of the crew in the vehicle. So like if you've seen Apollo 13, you know, that whole thing is still in Houston. But well, we do the uh if science experiments up there were pretty much like are in charge of the science experiments and stuff, so.
it
was the coolest thing when my wife was pregnant for the with my first son we were having uh so we broke the, we broke a record of the uh utilized crew, the crew hours that were utilized for science. I forget what the record was previously, but we broke it like one particular increment and the increments are, you know, I guess the mission's what you'll say, like when the new crew goes up, that's new instrument anyway, we have this big party and we got to have a teleconference with the crew up on the space station. Yeah. And we each got like line up and take terms, you know, saying something to them at all. So
I announced my wife's pregnancy, told my coworkers to the astronauts that were up there. So that was the coolest thing ever. So
building up somewhere, I need to make sure I uh, save that and uh
thank
you. Thank you.
I was so,
so where'd you go to college? You're talking about when you're in college earlier?
that's
But you study there,
What you study?
Your
brother?
Yeah.
Oh, wow. Do you still do that?
okay. Nice.
Looking forward to
that,
Whoa,
What I guess that makes sense because I watched the teacher, you know, she has to order shirts and stuff all the time. Enough promotional stuff,
but just t shirts and stuff and guns and
all.
when it's uh if I miss the starter up, you know, am I going to have dinner tonight? Yeah, that would be a
now that's pretty cool though. It's you hand your own business got to do what you want to enjoy it, so, you know.
So
I think I'm much too cautious to, you know, do anything like that, like I'd be too scared that, you know, Well, I got to see this money again if I invested in this business, so it definitely takes
a special type of
person.
Next.
Good for you.
Yeah. Who knows what's gonna happen with all this and I don't know remember. Might be an end in sight, so
What happened with that?
I'm tracking 21 that's right now soon.
So did you grow up in the Memphis area?
My mom is from a well central little noise. She's from a decatur Illinois around there.
yeah, that's a good way to describe it. Not much see there it's midwestern living, so
All in Chicago,
All
Yeah.
Mhm.
Tell you Chicago does not seem like, which I've no, being a police officer has never been anything that like I would want to do. But being if I was a police officer, I don't think I want to be one in Chicago, which I guess when your dad was a police officer may have been different, but
what?
that was.
Well, that's good. They work in the city of Memphis or outside of Memphis.
Yeah. Yeah. They don't get paid near what they should though.
Maybe that or, mm
You know, we got a church with a girl who just got on with the Huntsville Police Department started not too long ago. And I was thinking, what a terrible time to start as a police officer, you know? Because she started right for like all this stuff started happening. So
we had that in here,
you know?
All
Mhm.
Well,
that's good. Mhm.
Back
at you.
Easy money enjoyed the conversation. Easy money. So
I'm Mhm.
And I'll try and wave back.
Thank you. It's
a boy. Another boy.
Thank you. Thank
you.