Hi there,
I can hear
you just fine. I see it this time.
Okay, can you hear me A single?
Okay, great. I'll speak up then a little bit, super well good.
We got,
yeah, I got a clock here too. I think it's accurate.
Have
you done this before?
No,
we'll be fine. And as you know, you can repeat it and it allows you to make a little pocket money
and then it's,
you get, you know, get seizure as you go along.
You know, there's a lot of the first time around. Yeah, I've done my maximum floor and this is starting around again. So
I was, oh, I was thrilled to get invited because I can go up to six more times, so just incredible. So real nice. Yeah, school,
but up until
then
I
had never been on a video. I'm like
you,
I mean, I've never been on whatever it is, you know, whatever one you want pick. Yeah, so
I'm in Memphis home of Elvis.
Well then, you know what we're talking about? Um Yeah you might be familiar. We've got that big Memphis in May which is the music festival. That's our
big deal. And
the barbecue
international barbecue festival and then the event. So we're very much oriented towards tourism.
Gotta happen on that. Yeah it's a you know it's it's kind of laid back but it's enough for you know a weekend trip or something. There's nobody to stay that are nice and um Yeah I would recommend it. I've been here about 30 years. So this is home. Yeah.
Well are you equally able
to go to Atlanta?
I haven't
had
a good art scene.
That's why I've always been intrigued about going to Atlanta.
Yeah I know their food is good there too like here. Yeah now decatur I think your barbecue country too, aren't you?
well it's good
No sure hasn't we go with uh were the bottlers are corky's
around here and they and they have even gone so far as to put in the supermarket, their ribs and their bowls and we're therapist, uh certain things of chicken and yeah, they've expanded quite a bit. Yeah.
I said by now I'm especially with being no a a chain of in the supermarkets now, whatever. Yeah, I was trying to think what the word was that I just saw yesterday. But anyway, that's good. That's very good.
Yeah, I bet it was Nashville, I think they that in Nashville Nationals and it's good to go,
oh yeah, I haven't been at one time.
Well, I had no idea. I used to go there a lot When
I was in college. I dated a guy at Vanderbilt, so I was like living up there. So you know everything about Nashville and of course it changed quite a bit, but it's funny we were talking about my sister,
he was to take her grandchild who's five and you know, they wanted to make it easy and with her daddy and all that. So they picked Dollywood this last summer. They loved it.
I'm
just,
I think kids or whatever, they absolutely loved it for the little five year old, you know, she got to play in the pirate show, she got to do marshmallows at night. They had 25 swimming pools. The only thing was very hot in the summer, but there they stayed in top of the notch um
hotels I'm and everything was convenient and more than that the food,
oh my God, you know, at the kid oriented food, you know, they loved it. You know, I think it really added up in the costs in the end. I'm just telling you if
you have anybody want to recommend going that a way. I loved it.
Did she really like it?
and of course now
I don't know what the virus, everything's probably screwed up, you know? But yeah, I think um it was expensive. Yeah. So anyway for for a convenient place to go with all the fun and all the action and cheaper than uh the world and it was it worked out great. So I don't know um I was telling them for this year if it works out or something near that place, I don't know what you've been since we live, but
I told them that splitsville made a mobile voice to go
uh I don't know if I said it wrong. Ask for north Carolina.
Oh you did it at christmas? Oh I want to do that. Did you get the park, the park hotel up on the hill? The
that's a nice trip so you can do. In fact I forgot to tell him that Gatlinburg was right next door. But anyway I just suggested that you know they got a couple of barbecue places I remember because I ate all of them and
Yeah they got some wineries even and of course the Vanderbilt place has its own winery I remember. Yeah
delicious
mm it's just enough you know to drive through and enjoy and get the scenery and in that house of course is tremendous. So yeah yeah you can't beat that. I mean biggest castle in America you know wow. Anyway um I was really into that but I just suggested that they go there mm
Sounds like on the road on weekends. Huh? Your family gets on the road for the weekends now and again.
And God's it's
okay. Well that's nice. They'll be
Got family pets? Go along with them.
I have family, go along with those kids.
that's the family family dogs. That's okay. I think in these times it could be all the pet, I don't have one but my sister just got one and about a year ago and whatever the death so she's crazy
it would be that's okay, that's okay. But whoever she's at all think she's a weird braid. That's the deal. Why am I a labradoodle? And she turned out to be
miniature
lab. You don't see miniature labs very often. But
but that's what she
is. She's got
I know but she's got the sweeping tail and the hair off of the jobs and that pointing words and the lab wears. And she's got that code name line but she's sure she's well you know and and very active and the friendliest dog, non guard dog never be our dog. Everybody comes to the doors she'll run to you know, she'll never No. So anyway but that's what she turned out to be and that's what the vet said a miniature lab. So so
how much for them wasting money on a labradoodle because they didn't get it more of the pool I guess. But she and then curly hair. So really
it's weird but we love her. So
anyway
me she sure.
No
yeah just over the state line in Mississippi um he's uh I talked to her a lot but you know frankly she's about all that's left in my family. So yeah that's that's about it not the kobo but we have heart problems and they just it's just you know it was gone either if it's answer it's hard and you know so she's all I have yeah so she uh she um
she's very sick with them sorry yesterday but try to looking on Nirvana Canyon so but she's all
I got.
well
well yeah she's seeing a few strokes within a year now she's in a wheelchair and her husband takes care of her. Her son has the five year old and he can't be around all the time and then there's me and I'm afraid to go many illnesses so I don't see her very much because I've been cautioned you know not they around. So I'm one of those people you hear about just kind of for you to go out and shut it and
what have you?
No, I
never thought
it
right, Yeah, and of course your wife has to be safe with her condition and uh
so what's wrong?
Oh wow, that's excellent. Now my sister in law former has to go in the classroom. Yeah,
well
I wouldn't do it but it yeah, she loves it, she loves the kids, sixth graders. None. And I mean I asked her I said
okay doing that. No, no, why don't you?
She's a
No, no, not me either. Yes. Are you working out of your home? Are you one of those people
or are you working?
Now that that job description can be done in your area I assume or you have to go away just
single?
Well that's exciting. I've never met a brain like you working on an important job, thank you for sharing with me, I'm selling for all, I haven't looked at the clock. Um But that's really exciting. That's really cool. Your kids are gonna grow up thinking.
But I am I daddy smart.
Morning.
What a story to tell. Huh? You get older
just a little bit. Yeah. Well that is exciting. We're doing some cool stuff. I'm impressed.
And it's exciting, wow.
Yeah, that's really neat.
Well, I can't talk to that woman.
Um Well, I can brag about that. Um I went to Rhodes college here in Memphis and and in fact that court justice lady up for appointment was wasn't alone. Yeah, I used
to get,
come on.
Oh I was a communications measure and I uh I always wanted to be a journalist my
whole
life. And um so I worked for the big newspaper and time for three years right out of college and then they wanted to send me to tiny town. I said no, I've been with you guys in the home office for three years and you're gonna send me to a Oxford
or some silly ass town. I'd be a writer and uh so I quit, got into radio, wrote commercials for three years. It was the most fun job I've ever had in my entire life. And I met my future business partner and I was an ad agency co owner for 20 years,
nope, I retired. Ah
That's sick.
And
When I was 15 I said enough of this and uh so I've been retired since I was 15. Yeah, I miss my work, but I loved it. It was a great job, you know I did. Mhm. All kinds of things, you know, was isolated, advertising related. The most fun was
doing promotional products. Yeah, teachers and this big pens. I don't think people know how damn lucrative that is. Yeah.
What?
Or
anyone right there. Oh yeah. Honestly it was so lucrative. Like big pens, like pharmaceutical rips. If you see them, they walk into the doctor's office and clinics, they got that little black satchel and their hat who's using their hat and just full of stuff. It for me all the time. Dark offices, you know they do breast cancer awareness week. I grabbed them in. He's his money. Have you ever made as long as you don't mess up in order? That's up in order. That Mac was not, I'm sorry. It's it it's been very expensive but I didn't mess up too many because you got the fear of God keeping them going. People
not good. It's embarrassing. What are we doing? So that's my not as not as exciting as yours.
I did. God gave me exactly what I wanted to do. It lasted a long time. I met nice people. I made okay money. Yeah, I was I've never looked back on all that. You know I would encourage any kid that wanted to be an entrepreneur. I always be an entrepreneur. My dad was one step dad actually, I meant was one and he always encouraged me and said I said dad should I do this when I was young and I said should I step out and do this? He said that you will never know unless she tried sweet
you.
it
makes
sense. You're right. It's just it's kind of a different thing. But I don't regret, you know, I don't regret and having a business partner was a nice thing and going through a split
up with him was like going through a divorce so we weren't partners partners but that was very hard. So that was a hard era in my life when we split up and I just and I thought God am I going to be able to continue on on my own? I heard shit, I'm all by myself. Mhm.
Yeah. So anyway now it's a different thing dealing with the covid,
I think it's gonna just lasts a long time, you know I just I'm just worried about that but I think we got to get through the election adverse. Yeah,
no it's been crazy lately. I've been watching CNN I've never watched it before but I'm blue good now going to watch it. So anyway now we got a few more minutes right
for a moment it's okay, me too. Yeah I watch, my clock is correct and my computer one says it's about a minute off. I don't know why that should be right, but it's not what?
Um Actually, no, I grew up in the Chicago area. Mhm.
I haven't been there though, but you know it's nice, it's nice midwestern living, you know.
Oh need the drive up their boring. Uh But my my father And mother divorced when I was five but he was a policeman for 20 years. My brother became a policeman, his son policeman. Now
what? My dad was the Chicago area one. My brother went down state and you mentioned indiana areas Illinois. Then he came to me. So then his son became a policeman down here and my brother in law, my ex brother in law was a policeman support. My mother was the court work this town. How women, she was, quote, she was the first quote years ago. She set up the court system. In fact, I'm proud of her. And then my half sister was the
court clerk up north. It's like oh
my God, I can't believe I didn't get into that. So we have all this law enforcement. Yeah.
Mhm.
Well it was outside of Chicago so it was more than anything long time. We grew up really in the city was Hammond indiana, which was when you say east Chicago people. Well it wasn't that either, it was east of Chicago Hammond on the indiana Illinois border. That's where it was. Yeah and so you know, years ago it was nothing, it was like barney pipes type stuff and and you know when his son we moved down to a little town there was a beautiful town right now and I was very
proud that my brother, he was quite right before he got sick. He actually retired early so that his son could go down the force because of nepotism actually quit early and they didn't have to what they want and they have the opportunity. So and then it got real sick about two years later terribly sleeping died. And I thought that was very kind of him to do that. Yeah.
So he's still on the forest, my nephew and uh doing fine.
Well called Bartlett and it's about it's just a suburb of Memphis and Very nice community. And that's when my brother served for like 20 years as a captain. Uh Now now Garrett was his name. He stepped in and uh he's doing real well as we knew he would he's never going to be anything but a policeman like his dad. Yeah. So it's a very noble profession.
No.
Not for a lawyer in your life on the line every day, you know? All this turmoil that's going on. Well, yeah, so
you've got to be brave to do that, Especially
thank
you. Well, also there's the legalities of it. You know, if you try to protect yourself, you can get thrown in jail if you get try to water becomes a riot, if you try to protect your enemy. Just it's horrible, horrible. I feel sorry for him and why, I mean I worry about that. I didn't worry about that
with my brother, but now that things have changed. I do worry about that for my nephew. Yeah, definitely,
fortunately he's in a nice
situation.
you have been a pleasure to work
with. I think we're a little
more perfect and maybe I'll see you on the next go round. And what they will do is they'll send you like this invitation letter or it asked you your scheduling or it might be at the end of the next communication, like when they wrap up this, you'll see it if you want her right again, click here and you know, put in, you know, you got to kind of look for it, but it will be there for you to get in on another round because for this payment, hey, you know, you make 100.
Oh yeah, me too. I'm doing it.
Well, it threw up in space or something way in case you.
That's good. Well, and good luck with that baby. You said
It's
Okay. Well, congratulations.
I
guess we just click on ourselves. Yeah. Mm hmm.