you gotta start busting balls around people. Just leave it and you don't know whether or is that yesterday? Mhm. Yes. God, I get it. Yeah. Hello, Everyone everything All right. There's a little confusing to follow. Um You can you let me here? Let me here. Well, what is it? I certainly have determined for 30 minutes. I'm sorry. Do you know what you say when you wanted to know it's on tonight? How could happen to this promotion here that says it will be a party tomorrow night because this is an old trauma. Probably. Yeah, fucking get it. Right. I'm sorry. Give you know I mean, the person fucking together, right? Carnet as part of his job to get it right, okay. All right, so tired. Really? Tell disrespect him sometimes. Where is Doug bring him in here? I want to talk to them. Mhm. Get that line. It's like this. I think I have a hydro politics around here. I'm still here at this point. Where is he? He's I think he has to do something. Oh, what does he have to do down at the office? I don't like I don't know. His personal business. Mhm. Well, as long as your blanket for incompetence might as well be here so we can hear. I'm trying to shoot a surgery looks like the fuck out. Right, okay. It looks like the man with the X ray eyes looking right through you. I talked to you a minute. He's diagnosing your I talked to you a minute. I should say, getting better with glasses. How are you going to are you how do you know that you can see for your closing? Yeah, It's just like everyone kind of like uh you know, Yeah, I forgot it's no big deal. How to make a joke birthdate out of it. That's what happened with my mom. You know? Oh, it's no big deal. Howard bombs, you know, it's no big deal because you know what? Howard always makes a bit out. Mhm. You know dr concentrate on his job. Is he is he worked there as you move. I swear to God. I don't know you said he's at work. I told you I just got here. He's moving, you know, worried about that. Nobody moves on weekends so we can move on friday. Okay thank you. Okay, why do you call Doug and film? I'm upset. I was talking about here right? Tell him right now. It's really, it's really aggravated. I think he's on the phone. Our Hey Doug. Honestly. What would you do if you were being like, why do you, why can't the chrome os be updated so that their current, you're kidding. I gave that to you two days ago. Well someone's got to clear it off. I don't I don't know what you're in charge of the you're on the charge of the howard tv promo. If you put in the new one down make sure the old ones off for two days ago. Alright don't leave it laying on the console if I don't read it and I understand that. Yeah it's amazing how things get turned around. Amazing how it's my fault. I guess I should worry about everything. The topic I guess nobody else has a job around. Just how we don't have a job. Where are you today? I'm finishing packing my money. You're packing your apartment. Yeah well maybe if you were here you'd be able to remove the drama. You have a good point. That's why are you packing your apartment today? Why won't you tomorrow? Why don't you do that on your own time? Thank you. How your eyes there's a bug. I just like to be able to see what Hello,
how's it going?
Good. I'm actually surprised someone showed up for one of these. I feel like
um yeah, this is like my third or fourth one and I was like yeah, I'm probably just gonna give it four minutes and then you know um how are you? I'm Andrew nice and video
where
you
at? Good. So we have to talk for what? 25 minutes? Okay. Um Where are you located?
I'm in uh city stop.
That's smart. My least doesn't end till like november, so I'm kind of trying to figure it out, so
it ended sooner. I was going to try it. Yeah, do the same thing and it's
um my parents are out of Long Island. Could go there. I live with my girlfriend though, so we're trying to figure it out, you know she's
from pennsylvania to so I don't know where you
okay sort of yeah the casino um what line of work are you in?
no that's cool, I
work
hedge fund um
So you have been doing this like Five years in this place, I've been in the industry for like 10? Um
Yeah. Mhm. It's quiet the winning office. No one comes in anymore though like have the place to myself, we're a small shop but it's
easy. Yeah so bad
yeah where you go to school?
Yeah.
we'll figure
it out.
that's good, I went to a similar school in Connecticut good.
Um It's been working since august. What? Yeah
that's a weird like first
kind of year out of school I would say.
Yeah it's a weird year like uh just don't know what, I don't, I think it's gonna take like three years for new york to get back to. Uh
like
in
I mean figure what do you call like a vaccine?
Um So then like if they have, say the vaccine, I guess by january, like they're not gonna have enough for everybody, you know what I mean? Will take months to get this supply up. I'm thinking so maybe like your next time, I'm hoping that like safe to, you know, kind of like, well it's crazy. I'm taking a vacation, I'm going to Utah tomorrow. Um we're just trying to find places to like go away because you know, it seems like it's pretty safe but going on for the first time since this all started, so we'll see. Yeah.
No.
same, Same. I don't know what, you know, we don't get paid out for our so it's like there's nowhere to make its crummy. Yeah.
What kind of tech
consulting
you do for like e commerce or like? Yeah
let's go.
Is he still doing projects or like as like
Yeah. Peter everyone must be kind of on you know slow. Uh
Kind
of
do you do any other money things on line?
I
just got my girlfriend was doing these things and like recommended it so like this one and I feel like user testing dot com remember you ever heard of that? Maybe like 1000 once on that like it's like real money like you take like you like review website, it's really easy, they pay like 10 bucks like a review. And I would like you have to get approved and submit like a test thing. It's like it's like like changes like an extra, it's like all this extra money. Um Look into that
when
she works in
pharmaceutical marketing. She's like in a city too. But we're both working from home and it's like a lot being stuck in the apartment together. So
I
like to go to the office just because I think
please
this isn't going back to january I think at this point it's like the earliest here. It's easy. So she does these things all way as well and that's saying and like you know the rest of her work and trying to just, trying to fill up the day.
you can jump in and out and do this. You know? Do you work at least something to pass the time. Yeah.
Uh Just growing out to like the desert, we're flying into salt lake and then going um down to uh
it's like moab Utah, it's like there's like some parks down there and um like fishing and just kind of chilling, you know, drinking and stuff. I wanted to go to the beach but just didn't really seem like, you know, there it worked. I think we still have to quarantine, we go back to new york but it is what it is. Yeah.
You go get more friends.
Don't mess right?
I'm
well good for you. Yeah. Yeah. I love that. And I grew up out there pretty much because my aunts have houses would go out, you know all the great. I'm sure it's crowded. Like everyone from new york is kind of flat out there.
You
will Tonight
you go try again.
Most
insider in the back home.
that's nice. Stay safe. That sounds a little dangerous actually.
Well that's cool. Mhm. Um I usually go out to Montauk now we like but I went out and may I guess we like went out for a week just to like work remote board and it was like nothing was really open at that point. Um You're better now though.
Yeah, it's like probably an hour Hampton
so yeah.
Okay. A party used to go out there and rent houses and that summer It's like friends and stuff but I'm 30 now in the past that.
we'll take the ferry over
There's an airport
shelter island.
I don't know. Very nice. Yeah. Oh
so you fly there and then go to your aunt's house, your grandma from their gotcha.
Now work out arrest what's the deal with like restaurants and stuff out in pennsylvania stuff open?
Yeah, can you choose which one you want to go to like?
like there were many friends from home and they working from like back in pennsylvania now too. Mhm.
Around
correct.
Thank
you.
Green
lower remains.
Oh yeah, that's really boring to be an apartment with no one around.
that makes sense. I mean I in check rent and stuff only Their apartments in my building Internet like $800 less than what I pay what I pay for. Like the same thing. I mean isis have come down drastic.
We're locked into like, so we get like it's like a free month so like I'm only really paying I guess september and october and then I don't, I guess yeah then november is free because of how they like structure the lease or whatever. So they like sent me, they were like they are keeping the rent this Saint or like maybe $100 off but like I don't really want to stay in my building because I can do, I think for like what now I can get like a much better unit or go to another building and get like three months free. I mean the deals are like really incredible. So
every
room in the gun, I just hope you know the end of the year.
Yeah,
We pay like 4000 now. I live down the financial. Um
Well
Oh yeah, it's nice. I like it. She my girl, I lived in the east Village and then I lived in Chelsea for like eight years.
Yeah, I like that. And then I moved in with her and she was on john street and we moved a few walks over um where we are now. But like the deals are just like they're giving away units down there. There's like, it's crazy but I wouldnt battery park. It's nicer over there with the trees and stuff.
It was like
I can
get
Yeah. No, I mean I want workspace. That's my big thing going forward because like after this, we don't have I want a balcony or like private terrorists or something. And for like 4000 probably get that somewhere. I think at this point where six months ago that would have been like 50 505,000.
See I'm always looking
it's like up and down. I don't know. You know what I mean? I just think it's getting worse and worse. I think people either are breaking at least like you did or they're like ending their least ended or just like, I'm not gonna renew. Like they're they're they're alone or their roommates went home and they're like, this doesn't make any sense. Why don't I go save money? Like not going back office so you know, we'll see. Yeah.
Yeah.
Your boyfriend's film.
Did he have like a like
near
near that must have been super crummy to like uh more graduates remain.
Uh He started
on going to uh That sucks. 16 year was like the best time. Like you have so much fun and like Yeah.
Yeah. I feel bad
like a school like or like, you know, like athletes and stuff like work their whole uh careers for senior year and stuff and like basketball and then their seasons like just you know, over terrible. But I guess uh that's the way we live in. I don't know. Yeah.
I was like starting to look for any job right before this started and everything is like dried up.
I
went
interviews like in february and March and I'm kind of like this job's easy and I'm content here and I can kind of just like interview casually and look around so like the offers weren't good enough for me to leave and then I was talking to one firm and then this is like the first week in March or whatever and uh just like they like we're not hiring anymore and it kind of just has quiet since because you know what are you gonna do?
don't know. It depends on the situation like I was getting so I do like marketing for a hedge fund like and like I can do that. Like I used recruiters a lot which I don't really like not out of college, I wouldn't use those I think. You know, it doesn't help, but they had plenty of like similar roles where I'll either like move up A level or you know, do exactly what I'm doing just for more money, you know what I mean? They can kinda because it's like pretty interchangeable. So I would say Yes, it's easier, but not like I don't I graduated in 2000 10 during
like a terrible economy, so it's very hard to get a job uh graduate school. And I thought so, I got an MBA and I thought it would be easy to graduate, well, I would graduate with an MBA and it would be like easier to get a job. And it wasn't like, you know what I mean? It was like, it was like five years ago, I guess, I got that. Um And it just kind of, you know, It's it's I don't know, I think, yeah, it's easier once you've been in the I've been in this industry for like 10 years now, so we'll see. Are
you looking?
No,
10
years I worked for like a big mutual fund company right out of school. Then I went to like a small like investment bank where I was like issuing debt, and then I went to grad school from there. I like while I was in grad school, getting my MBA I joined up with his hedge fund is like their intern, so I had nothing to do, so I was like working with them, so I was with them like two years and then um I landed at this this hedge fund which I've been at since, and so then I've been here
like five years, they get almost five years. And uh now I'm just like
kind of it'll be five years I guess in january. And I'm like just bored, I want more money and I want a new change so you know, I'm just starting to look around.
I'm 31. Yeah. Yeah.
So
No, like I don't know, I'm going to do it real relationship now and like we'll probably get engaged next year and ah
like I'm I started a company in grad school, so I like own a bunch of apartments to like in Westchester. So I'm pretty busy with like this job and like managing like my tenants and my buildings and stuff, so I'm like kind of an adult, you know, I guess. And I'm really go didn't marty anymore, like my partying days are done. One of my friends are married, I don't really go to bars like kind of dried up my mid twenties, I would say.
Great.
Yeah, she's my age. She's 30, she's like a couple months old and she's 32. So like all her friends are married with kids and she wants kids soon. So
Yeah. Yeah. And I want to move out of this guy, like having a house on a house like, you know, probably at least for another two years I'm thinking and then, you know, move out after that. Um, buy an
apartment.
Okay. Yeah. No, it's, yeah. So after you have a calling my lawyer, I'm buying an apartment building up in White Plains and I hope that next month, hopefully so busy just trying to do what you want to do, get my 14 this conversation move on your board and you have nothing to do. I'm telling you look into this user testing dot com, it's so easy to make like decent money for just doing nothing. I would Like, it takes like probably 30 days. You have to like taking a test where they like is your record, you like talking about the website and you're just like a lot of times it's like work through like the menu and fine, they give you little task to do. So like they test before then like once you get approved, like you start getting tests, It takes like 30 days to get approved. And uh it's just like free money. It's great. Yeah,
there's a lot of them, there's another one called Intelli zoom same kind of thing and like user interviews and stuff and yeah, no doubt great.
Just trying to stay busy, you know, there's no nothing to do. Can't we can only go on runs or work out like once a day, you know, watch so
much
netflix.
Just we just watched this indian dating show which was pretty good on netflix. Indian matchmaker. That was pretty good watching
Shane. I've never watched all that. Um You need anything good.
No is it on netflix?
Uh huh.
There was something else. Oh yeah I'm watching Ozarks to I started that which is pretty good.
I
mean
it's pretty good. It's like you know it's like a drug drama you know? But
I feel like I've I've seen everything at this point
the kind of you know you and like my girlfriend got me, we binge watched like real housewives of new york like I've never really watched too much reality tv but she does just like swinging through all those and like MTV stuff.
Yeah a lot more because nothing was open early on, you know what I mean? So yeah.
Oh good for you, save money and it's fun and you know, created all these. Uh huh.
But it probably will make it back up.
When is your company going back tonight?
And you're a consultant, go to their place anyway, right?
Like
read.
Yeah. cool. So I think we're at 25 minutes so uh is your say Tony?
Okay, that's fine.
I'd rather be safe than sorry. Um So what they say, so you're not going back until um january the earliest and then they don't know, they'll make a decision.
They 21. That's crazy.
Yeah.
I paid so like everything is down,
you know?
Yeah, I would just I'm just like they fired admired one person in my place, like we're a small firm and like it's like our compliance guy was getting paid a fortune and uh, I don't know, he just was like, they like promoted someone junior to do his job basically and kind of save some money. I'm happy. I didn't get a pay cut. I didn't have, you know, no reduced our namely.
So
yeah, it was just like we're paying him like a fortune to like, you know, we can pay someone like, you know, a person cheaper to do it. And like, I mean this was like in March or whatever when things were like really crazy, but like, since
that market has rebounded and we're done, we've done fine. But you know, it was scary and I think aggressive
decisions early on. Um so our office lease ends in november november one or october 30th. So we're like, not
getting along is like going full remote then that was like
the plan before covid Because we're in like 3rd Avenue, we pay a lot for this. But they were just like my boss is like retiring and moving from new york. He's like going out to California um didn't need the office anymore so we're all going remote and I think that you know kind of change. He wanted like free up some money. So
the
nice guy, I had to come in, I was the only one here, I'd like come in and get his key because like everyone wanted to go into the office so I had to like escort him out and get his computer and his key. It was really sad. Yeah.
He was a great confused by the whole thing which understandably. So No, my boss.
probably. But I don't know. I think he was like no he wasn't doing his work to I don't know what might have been some like he was an old guy, like he was like uh he was part time, he's going to Harvard like a lawyer, like he's a smart guy but like like three days a week, like sort of semi retired, but he's still getting paid like a ton of money. Uh And
then I think there's like you want like
yeah, he's like a cartoonist and like he like worked for like, I don't know, Goldman Sachs for years, like he's got plenty of money. But
he was like
it is very odd but he was like and he was like his cartoons are kind of famous um and he like sold a screenplay and like his books, so he's like got that, but he's also like uh like worked for Goldman Sachs is like a council for years, like tons of money from them, so he would only
come in three days a week and like uh Do this job is kind of like a semi retirement, probably 55. Mhm. Um But he was still like, it was more just to keep him busy, but he was, you know, he had fired
so, but I mean Harvard
lawyer will be all right if he really wants to go back to work, I'm sure I'll find another job.
Oh, really? Like big? What with you? Like last august
That's tough then, wow, mom.
And I'm good.
Well,
all right, so pleasure to meet you. Stay safe
and good luck with everything.