Hi.
Good, how are you?
Yeah, I feel like the past couple. No one showed up,
Nice to meet you. I'm Sharon, I'm
good,
how are you?
Really? I'm in pennsylvania right now. How about you?
Oh yeah, I uh I worked in new york city until pandemic and now now it's like remote so I just moved back home.
Well let's dig.
Where are you going to move to?
Under?
I'm in um near Bethlehem, I don't know if you're familiar.
Um I do consulting. Um So I'm a tech consultant.
Yeah. How about
you?
Yeah, of course.
Oh I see. Coco.
that's
I I've been working for barely a year because I graduated um in august last year
um I went to I don't want to say it like on furlough. Yeah,
sorry, but um just a school that's like similar to Villanova, like in
in terms
of like what it looks like, I guess.
Corporal
Yeah.
Great.
Yeah, I feel like I graduated like right on the cusp of like the pandemic, like right before pandemic got like out of control in the US. So yeah.
You think so? All that? So I
was
planning on moving like in january back to new york.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm taking off some time next uh next weekend as well. Well like next next friday and the following monday just
so I have like a four day weekend. Um because like I have to use it my vacation days before they expired.
Yeah,
I'm
sorry.
Um I do it for financial institutions, so
any kind of like hedge fund, you know, bank um that kind of thing.
I'm I'm like I'm halftime right now, like I still get paid full time but um I just finished up a client so now I'm like helping out on another project but I'm not like full time on it until end of august, so it's pretty chill right now. Yeah.
I think it's nice though because um I get to like exercise whenever I want, I get to like go for a run if I wanted to
or like
do whatever. Yeah.
Not really. A friend just recommended this to me and I was like okay, I'll sign up for it but I didn't really I mean I do it just kind of recently I guess on my options um but I don't I don't really
do.
What is your
what does your girlfriend do?
Ever
mm. So that's why you opt for the
office?
So
she stays at home? Okay.
All right, that's cool. It makes you feel a little bit more productive, you know?
So what are you planning on doing in Utah?
mm, mm
yeah, that's kind of my plan for next week too, but um, we're going out to Long Island, I don't know if you're from Player where? Um Southampton's, yeah,
my grandma lives out there, so
so,
well her summer houses out there, so we kind of just use it on the weekends sometimes.
yeah, it's actually not that bad. Um like it's really nice when I get to like kayak in the middle of the night. Um and
then we just
like,
yeah, we just put on like a light on the kayak um and then we turn on the lights at the house too. Um because the house was like right off of the, like it's it's like right off of the water. So we just like docket
like
yeah, it's um it's the bay. Yeah.
Uh yeah, probably not the safest, but like I like how the water is like glass. No one's like no one's out there. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, Montag is kind of further out, isn't it?
Okay. You know,
I'm not too familiar with that area. Uh
Yeah. My um have you been to a shelter island? Yeah.
Yeah, my my uncle has a place there, so um we usually fly there. Uh Yeah,
but yeah,
as I got personal airport.
Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah my uncle says yeah my aunt and uncle toast. Yeah. Um I don't know I've been so bored lately though, it's like nothing to do.
Um It's so weird I feel like it shouldn't be allowed but it's um there's indoor dining available as well as outdoor and I just I don't like the idea of it.
Yeah I mean you can like pick I guess like if you want to eat or dine out. Um But like take up and take out menus so much smaller then like their actual menu so it's just it's so stupid.
my friends
they they kind of live none of my friends really live in pennsylvania. Um Some of them live in like boston, some
of them are still in new york. Um And I have a couple of friends in Chicago as well, like their parents live in Chicago so they moved back there. Um But I I like broke my lease because
I just
I didn't want to stay in new
york.
Um I was living alone.
Yeah yeah. Um I was gonna live with roommates but like it would have been like a lot of people and I just I prefer being alone rather than like five other people so you know.
Uh Yeah but you were locked in?
Yeah wow, that's
so nice.
Yeah. What what like price range are you looking for like for like a I guess you're you're going to look for one bedroom? Right.
Okay.
Mhm. Oh that's
where that's where um I wanted to move with my boyfriend actually.
this is nice.
Yeah. Oh, that's so nice. You
should find like, I
mean
I'm not saying you should find a place, but like um you can you can also consider places like near the water.
I see, wow,
I didn't I didn't know prices fluctuated that much.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Uh No, he's actually um he actually graduated this year, so he's a year bologna. Um but he's uh he's going to grad school um in the city, so that's why that's why we're going to like live together
in
the
He finished off his second semester, like he started and ended his second semester like all online, so
I'm six.
I'm so glad I graduated, like right before it happened.
I
unfortunate.
I see, and then you just like kind
of
give up.
Yeah. Yeah, I have a question. So for like when you're like an experienced um higher, like, like when you've been in the industry for a couple of years and then you're looking to, you know, like interview with another firm, is it, would you say it's generally easier interviewing with them then, like when you were fresh out of college? Yeah.
Three.
So
you've been marketing been, you've been in like the marketing space for 10 years, but you've been working
for a hedge
fund for five?
No.
no.
Mhm. So you're in your 30s,
Yeah.
Is it, is it, is it like, do you feel different and now that you're in your thirties, like do you feel more grown up or do you feel like you're still a kid or like?
cool.
All right. So you're
looking to like get married and have kids soon?
She wants kids. Yeah. Okay. Makes sense.
That's
like a huge milestone.
Yeah, I'll definitely look into that.
Right. Looks like you're really hustling.
that's
true.
What do you watch?
I haven't seen
Yeah. Have you seen Black Mirror?
Yeah, it's actually really good. It's like it's like dystopian. Yeah, every
episode is like different.
I heard it was good but I didn't I didn't
look
into it.
it's cool.
On netflix.
Do you cook more often? No.
I've been doing a lot of baking.
I definitely like save a lot living at home, but also like I broke my lease so that also like costed some money but whatever.
Yeah, because I'm probably gonna be stuck here until like
Yeah. Um for now they said like Not until January, but probably like much probably until the end of 2021.
Yeah,
I
I can do my work remotely anyway, so
I think um actually I joined a little later
if we go for like two. Yes, Until like 1130, I think, I don't really not too sure. Yeah.
Um for now it's like January but probably not until like mid 2021. Late 2021. Uh huh.
Yeah, because because my firm is really strict, like one person at my firm got covid and like they shut down all the offices nationwide. Yeah, So they're pretty strict. Um I'm just, I'm just like hoping I get like a decent raise this year because um so
I know sometimes our doing races
today's.
Yeah, I know some firms definitely there like cutting bonuses and then others are like, they're not giving a raise, but like I think I'm being like optimistic hoping for a race. I don't know.
Wait,
so he got laid off.
me.
But
Because
that's
I feel bad for that guy.
Can't wait.
he like visibly upset?
I feel like I feel like they should have negotiated with them before doing that.
mm.
so he, he had another job.
He's a cartoonist and a lawyer you said? No.
Weird.
Damn.
But I see you.
What?
Yeah. I mean, I have some friends from like that graduated like you Chicago and stanford and they can't find any jobs right now, so
No, they graduated this year. Mhm.
Yeah. All right. Well,
we are
at time now.
It was nice talking to you. Stay safe.
Thanks. You too. Bye.