hello. Hi. So sorry. I just checked my email
and just
notice.
I
know I'm not in front of my webcam. I was turning on the light there.
No, no worries. I just checked and it was like six o'clock. Holy cow, It's after six. I'm sorry.
think so.
Think we do. I'll set a timer. We'll see just to make sure there we go. Okay. Yeah. Hi. You're walking?
No
worries.
Sorry.
No, my son came home and he can't move through a room without the dogs freaking out. Yeah.
Lord.
I have, I have a couple of weeks ago,
couple
of
years.
Okay. Yeah. Where are you? I'm in michigan.
Very close
just to swing around the lake. Yeah,
we're out in the suburbs and suburbs of Detroit, so.
all right. Am I
randomly remembering that Is Cleveland heights, the sort of suburb E part
where the christmas story houses.
Yeah. We um, when the boys were younger, we spent a thanksgiving
weekend to Cleveland to the art museum. There are science or Children's museum Rock and Roll Hall of Fame to the Football Hall of Fame in Canton. So we kind of made
ugly.
Oh, that's
sad.
I think our museums
are open maybe like 20% capacity, but you have to make reservations maybe
to go.
I just,
I mean, you know, you live in the midwest. It's like, uh, that doesn't come into play until it's too cold to be outside, you know? Yeah.
Uh, that's okay.
you know, I don't remember, I don't remember. I was actually telling my son that he should do it because he would enjoy it today. He's going
to be a college freshman this year. So
new.
Well,
it's
all online.
Yeah. So he has,
um, two days of like orientation, getting to know your team stuff tomorrow and classes start monday.
Yeah, he'll be a freshman. Yeah. So
you know,
except it was his decision. Um And he made it early which was good. Um But he doesn't know any different. So I
think it's okay.
Yeah. Yeah. Well I mean I you know the university of north Carolina shut down a weekend, which was, you know, that's got to be disappointing for those kids. But here michigan state actually called no under undergraduate in person classes last night. Yeah. So is Ohio State still going, do you know because that's cute.
well it is, my husband works for a university in texas and they're like, you know, we're not going to get, you
know, we're expecting two or three weeks and we have a big outbreak but they have not specifically said what they're going to do for that. And it's like, how about let's just not go, let's just save all of this hassle and you manage the expectations and yeah.
lad
is generous as a verb.
I'm
it is like it is a crazy time on many levels. It really is. It's just, you know, I just when you think it can't get worse. Yeah,
something does and yeah, so
it's a little it's a little nutty. I mean, I think, I think michigan is doing a good job. Acoustic Governor in Ohio
wine. Is he a Republican? Yeah,
but
he
because
well you guys shut down before. We did um
yeah, because we were I think the day after. Um So that was, you know, that was that was interesting. It was very
interesting.
But
but you guys also opened back up and didn't you have a spike maybe?
Are
you okay?
But
oh we we have like a stage
thing like stage one through five kind of thing if we're in stage or I think which is not quite fully open but we were in three and you know
and
it's a continuum where we can go back like if if
we screw up and you get right back to where, you know.
could
good.
I
have.
Well and that's particularly frightening and that you don't, you know, break out your head doesn't turn red, you don't break out in boils, you know, instantly is really disturbing to. Yeah,
it's
definitely
crazy.
Right? I mean I you know one of my kids um lost
a sense of smell and end of March, but that was it. So it's like did you have allergies? You know? But you weren't and at that time you had to be sick to be tested and so we just don't know. Yeah.
They're
bulletproof.
Yeah. That's you know that's interesting because um I have a child who is much older who's already out of secondary yet, but it would be really really hard. Two at home implement I. E. P. Protocols, you know? I mean I would be doing nothing but being a pair of probe who made lunch, you know?
And you know I mean I had a friend whose son is the same age as mind, she lives in a different state and he did not have the same services that we had because we had every
what do they call it? Learning resource
every day. So like it was like study hall, but it was like somebody else sitting there going to do this, do this,
do this, do this, do this. My friend talked about how much she and her son thought when he
was in high school and like I
don't do that, someone else says that for me, you know because
of right, you know? But it's just it's it's crazy because so much structure, so much routine, you know, and listening to somebody else is so important. Yeah.
You
hear?
No.
What?
Good.
Yeah. I am. I have a friend who's sister uh schizophrenic but she's got some other developmental issues. She lives in a nursing home and I saw her march the 11th and she has not seen another person that hasn't dropped food off in her room or helped her with you know showering or toilet ng to see no one outside of staff since then. And the staff is even limited there like in plot out and.
Well
they
well it's the thing one of the things that has disturbed me is a basic and fundamental lack of understanding of basic science. Yeah like this
is
this is this is a respiratory thing that means don't breathe or cough on me you know it's and it's you know contact it's like the hand
the obsessive hand
washing. It's like I get handwashing but it is not a fecal physically transmitted thing. You can touch something and not have to sterilize it you know I mean it's like it's relax a little bit. It's
I mean it's legionnaire's disease. it is an airborne thing. It is not if it's not cholera, you know, I mean it just but the whole chest something and I'm going to be independent, I'm not going to wear a mask and that's just in the convenient that's just like what
a selfish jerk, you know?
Now,
I mean it just it's gotten way, way out of hand and it's just like this is this stupidity is
disheartening and ramp it. Yeah. Just I don't I just I
mean I have
delegitimize.
structure.
Right. Well, and even
let's
argue for a hot minute that that needs to be done. You don't do that in this
political climate before an election. That's just idiotic. Yeah.
It should
be.
It's
Yeah. But you know, I think, I think it's become okay to be outspoken and just an outright callous bully now, you know, I mean, I can't tell you the number of friends I have unfollowed on facebook just because they've said wretched things. And the thing that really chaps my buttocks is that they're saying
really women are saying really misogynistic and nasty things about michigan's governor and I'm like,
if you, if
you're
not
checked
your white, she's fabulous. I'm like, have you not
checked
your own parts? Like why do you, why you're voting in bitching in your own? Like not in your own
against your own interests? It doesn't make any sense to me
well,
but or have they been emboldened by the bullying chief?
You know, where it's okay to
just
be nasty? Yeah. And it's like, oh, I'm sorry. We do not speak. You know, we do not tolerate that kind of behavior.
This is not how we act. You know? I mean, it's like at home it's like, oh, oh no, we do not say these things. You can think them all you want, but you are not going to express that in my house. Yeah.
Yes.
It's
The
prepper
Yeah. I mean like, you know when you think about like Charlottesville, the White supremacist with their little tiki lawn torches, which ruined that purchase forever for me. I had to buy two new ones this year, like darn it, you know? Um But it's like weirder that that's okay and it's like it's okay to protest, but it's not okay to be an asshole. And why are we saying that being an asshole is now fine. It's not,
it's absolutely not okay, you know?
It's,
you know, I,
well, I just lead
the tiny little words. Uh
but I just I want an adult to be in charge just bring me grown ups and whether you like to Obama or not, there was no doubt that he was driving the bus and you know his his
kind of rubber mama arm
would smack you in the back seat if you needed it. You got not a lot, you know that kind of like he was in charge, he was driving the bus, we're taking care of everybody, everybody is on the bus, you may not like where we're going, but we're all safe
and
we're
on the bus and now it is a
free for all.
No.
I think it will be ugly, but I actually read somewhere that this sort of scenario where he loses and he resigns and he hands the presidency over to pence so Pence can pardon him before biden is inaugurated,
I
mean it's
are you going for a walk from walmart?
Oh cool, those are cute. Yeah my son got he stopped by walmart and got some shoes just to go for a walk in because the ones he had he didn't like you expect very soft
got to work.
my
I went and ate on the patio once like for brunch with a friend for her birthday.
But I mean you know where we
live? It's like that's drying up but I'm not ready to go sit in a restaurant with recirculating air. I'm just
Well because they're carrying their tiki torches and they're saying stupid things and they're acting in an irresponsible manner and you're doing whatever the heck they want to do it
ugly.
I
you know I I don't know I mean they're older, they're 19 and 21 but they yeah, they're a little more easy going about it. I think they think we're being a little paranoid, but I'm like guys look realized if one of us gets sick, we're all like them for two weeks, that means nobody goes to work, nobody does anything, nobody leaves the house. And I don't think they fully realized that yet our time's up. But I
don't think they they understand how absolutely awful it's going to be To be in prison for two weeks that everybody is okay.
Well yeah, and I mean pandemic would be bad enough, but it's made things much worse by not having any just any leadership.
I mean just it's been it's been a hot mess. But yeah, but I'm sorry, but I'm glad you're getting to work with with your cat
will be
good.
That's
That's
That'll be good.
Don't
good.
No, this was great. Okay. And so we
will get to our questions. But yeah, have a nice night and I and stay well.
Thanks.
Thanks for waiting on me and being so patient.
right. Thanks