mm hmm. Hello? Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Shit, that's right. Yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Hey, cute kitty. Well, well, what's up kitty? Uh huh. Yeah. Yes. Okay. Yes. Oh, can I can I finally got its work and there's no one there. So maybe I'll still get partial payment credible text and I guess I have that's worth thinking about mom a lot one. How completely thrilled. We're also 36 months pharmacist across the country can now give kids their vaccinations under a new federal order. The Department of Public Services made the change today after public health officials have expressed concern that kids weren't getting their shots during the pandemic. The vaccines can be given without a doctor's prescription. What joe biden now officially the Democratic nominee for president hands is set to make history tonight and this is running late to accept the VP running mate slide on night three of the DNC Harris is the daughter of immigrants from Jamaica and India today for uncle shared the principles that he thinks choked her. Uh huh writing that your kid and we will equally don't whatever rather, President Obama also speaks tonight as well as 2016 nominee. Hillary Clinton. Don't forget you can watch on the W. K. Y. C. App on our website at nine. You can see here on air on channel three at 10. Hey counties in 88 days next Tesco Harris county and like football, there is a way of life coming up in sports and robs training camp and I'm big on matt Wilson's D entry and the defense wins the dead sea. Well everybody, we have had a gorgeous day today and lots of sunshine, low humidity values that rain nowhere around us, but certainly at some point the humidity, the heat and the rain are going and coming back and also you went in the forecast What matters most is sponsored by the calvert brothers store show it's time to fall in love again with your home In Cleveland. You're locals visit location is on break finance, relieved get out of that current high pages, new vehicles, as long as $95 a month are Tyler Perry exclusive how he's going to extremes to keep his Atlanta production safe just really quickly. Plus Hollywood confessions from Diane Lane Next Bt tonight at 7 33. Never replaces around again now for huge summer savings on our exclusive majors. Plant stone as low as $2 in that nine cents a square foot plus installation schedule. Your free cost estimate easily online today. Just the board. Hi,
I
can't.
I
have a meal.
sorry.
I was just being writing. That's okay. I don't mind. So do we start the 25 minutes then from this time? Yes,
that's
I'm sitting outside and
I had
a glass, I sat down over here that that I forgot that I'm just gonna grab um Well we got, was
he jealous here on the phone or something?
see. All right, well this is awkward as always. Have you done
this before?
This
is
my
second time?
I'm in Cleveland. Yeah
we win. Ohio. Yeah. Not that, not far at all.
we're on one of the lakes definitely. Um uh are you living in the city or you out in the suburbs or?
then I am, I live in an urban area in Cleveland. Cleveland heights it's called but
global.
that's
Tremont and that's that's right west of downtown Cleveland but it's like five minutes west of downtown Cleveland. So if you were in that area where the christmas story houses you would you would be pretty close to being in downtown Cleveland. I mean it's really really close.
Yeah.
the art museum
is great. I think the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame is overpriced for what's there? I mean that's how we felt. Um I haven't been to this, I think the Science Museum is closed. Um Not because of everything going on but I think it's quite a few years ago
and
uh but the the art museum is beautiful. I I don't know if they're open yet to be honest, I don't know.
well.
You're
right. Yes, that that rings a bell, that's how are yes. Yeah. Yeah.
Some
Um I had all these great questions and now I'm just like blank.
Um Do you do a lot of studies and prolific or how did you come across prolific?
So
are we going to college?
So
are they
online?
What?
But
Mhm. He's a is he a freshman?
I'm
freshman year, you know what I'm saying? It's that's that's rough.
That's
a really good point. It's not like you're there for a few weeks and you're meeting people, you're getting comfortable with your roommates and then bam you got to go home, so you're right. At least he doesn't have to go through that because that seems to be what's happening right now.
I have a friend, her daughter left actually this weekend, she left, but I hate to say it, but probably on the news in a week or two, maybe they left. I don't see how they don't see how they're not going to have the virus spread. I don't I mean isn't it and it's inevitable. I mean I hate to say that.
All
Yeah. We seem to go the long way around. We don't, you know we take it seems like our country is definitely taking the long way around. It's being led I guess it's being were being led the long around. It's just saying
that
you're right, you're right. Yeah. It's
it's a crazy time.
it has.
virtually.
Uh Wine mike dewine.
is a Republican
but
he's not like a crazy Republican. He's like you
know, he's moderate, he's he's got some sense. We
did we shut down March 14th.
It was
well
people build yeah.
we did have a
spike so
yeah, so we we opened back up in May, it was like, he, he said it was a slow open, but it wasn't really the first week, um, uh, like maybe hair cutting places open and then gyms and restaurants and bars were at the end, but it all really happened really quickly and like a two week period. So it wasn't really, um, you know, as slow as he acted like it would be. Um, so then we had a spike, I would say we're going back down again as of right now. I would say all of july. I mean it certainly spiked up and it does for us, it is starting to go down again. In fact, I
just read an article today that they are attributing the fact that our cases are going down because we were in red alert. Uh, you, do, you guys have this alert systems?
Hey,
there's
more
what?
And that's good. I mean it needs to be like that, but I just read today and I was surprised to read it that the code red sort of scared enough people into
wearing mask and they attribute that to our numbers starting to go down
because
everything
like two weeks behind. So if they, if something happened two weeks ago, you're not going to see the results for 234 weeks, you know, because it takes so long to show up the virus.
Or
you may
never
know.
Well,
Yeah. It's just a crazy time. I worked with a young man who he's autistic and he's 18 years old. We just found out yesterday. I've been with him for seven years, a long time. Um, he goes to a suburb soul in Ohio. It's a suburb of Cleveland. Um It's a nice suburb. So they just announced monday general ed kids like all regular at kids are doing all virtual but the special needs kids are, he's going to school, he he's about there But they have a huge high school and they're literally will be like 40 kids in the whole high school. So his parents felt pretty comfortable with it and me too because I'm the one getting them off the bus and I don't want to Work with a child that's you know in the crowds of people, you know kids teenagers all day, especially teenagers. They say little kids under 6th grade don't really spread it like kids over sixth grade teenagers and college age kids. They said you know where the problem is. So he's
starting
school next Wednesday.
So he had yes. Why extended school year this summer? It was a week period and uh the most he had, he had half hour increments, some days he only had maybe in three increments, so an hour and a half, but two days a week he had like 44 increments. So it was, I don't like to 2.5 hours, it was like speech and one was ot and physical therapy, there's no way he could sit in front of computer, first of all. So his family, they were so happy I was able because I know him so well and you know, I'm pretty with skilled with like, you know, working prompts, working with prompts and and so his teachers were so thankful I was sitting next to him, somebody would have to sit next to him because he'd be gone, like he would be gone. But you're right, you would I don't know how a parent would do that every day. They would be the teacher. Yeah.
Or what
course?
What,
what,
what?
Not anymore
And he can't wear a mask. So just today we were trying the plastic visor thing
and
like I got it on him for two minutes and I was so excited, he kept it on for a whole two minutes. And uh and the teachers are aware that he's not the only one, there's a few other kids that will not be able to tolerate a mask all day.
So, I mean, I give the teachers credit, I can't believe, I mean, we had a meeting with him yesterday, his always therapists and stuff, so everybody is not on the same page and you know, everybody was excited to start school. There's got to be a little fear, you know, on their end. I mean, you know, so I really wasn't expecting him to go back
to school and when I did, when he had extended school year back into in july, I was exhausted like afterwards and I'm like, great, I'm going to be doing this every day and the family did come. We, you know, we were all said I would do seven hour days and I still got to raise. I mean they were going to give me more money because of it because they were seeing how tired I was afterwards. I mean the whole time it's like the, you know, the T shirt tells you, okay, can you know, can you give him a verbal prompt? Can you do hand over hand with a zipper? And you know, and he would surprisingly, he did pay attention to the faces on the ipad, Like his the familiar
faces. But I think he, he hasn't left the house since March because he can't wear a mask other than walking around the neighborhood and going in the car. He hasn't been anywhere.
that's, it's hard and you know, there's some places that some staff are misreading or just ignoring these people, you know, with their needs, especially if it's like a senior citizen who has Alzheimer's and it is difficult to deal with. I mean it's really sad, it's just this whole thing is sad on so many levels and it's crazy that our country America, you know, America exceptionality, you know, and we can't get through this. I mean
everybody else was doing pretty well, not everybody
but europe.
it's
amazing.
What?
What?
What?
How
about doctors getting death threats and governors are amy Antin? She was our health person who worked with the line. She had to quit. She got so many death threats. She had protesters outside her house, in her outside of her house, in in front of her sidewalk with guns and and the doctor fancy he has to have a security. Who would you ever when you were young dream that you would grow up in? Doctors and scientists would have death threats. It's
it
rampant.
wonder
if these people were always there and then the Covid and some of the protesting that's been going on and stuff brought it brought this hateful sort of um anti american institutions. You know the d they're trying to delete it, delete it, do
there you go. The post office that that that some judges to our liberals, every government, the schools and they're they're knocking our government apart. I mean I don't everybody has problems with the government but we need uh
structure that we could depend on and that I mean, you hear now the Post Office, the post General the man is removing mailboxes and and taking out sorting mail machines. It's unbelievable.
Take
it.
Especially
if you're a big money donor like he is he's one of trump's biggest money, wouldn't I would think that would be illegal. I
don't
I
don't get it.
Mr
I
like
him
so
much.
She's
great.
It
doesn't it doesn't. And were these people there all the time, were they there when what this would have happened in the 80s or the 70s
when we were younger? I don't I never would have dreamed it
darts
local.
Top.
You're right.
yeah.
Right. Yeah.
You're right. And you're right. It does. Everybody's emboldened because it's coming from the top the top the top the president, the top highest, uh, you know, in the land, the president and you're right, it is emboldening these people. They've been I think they've been underlying for years the gun people, you know, and the people that build Armageddon, they
hoard
food. Yeah, I think they have been there, but I think you're right. This president has just made them. You're right. Embolden is the word,
It
comes from the top it has to President. Obama is such just classy, just listening to him talk. I never
thought I would hear a president speaking the way donald trump speaks in
the firm's he uses
told you
book.
What?
Well?
For
the
foot.
so
what's going to happen if trump loses? Are people going to be like it's not fair. The post office didn't count all the ballots. There's you know um fraudulent ballots. Is he gonna leave? What's going what are his supporters gonna do? I don't really feel great about it. I get a little anxiety
thinking about it.
So we can't so he can't prosecute him for he could just walk away like all the people he pardoned wow that makes sense. I mean
let's
hope it goes that way. I mean even though he's walking away it could go that's better than getting violent or
so.
something
to do right. There's not much of anything else to do but go to walmart and go to work if you're working if you're not
working from home you know I haven't been to a restaurant. I have gotten carry out food but I have not aid implied a restaurant. Yeah.
And
what,
when it was coming, you know winter is coming so and then the flu season, you know, we'll see, I don't know, you know it I try not to think about it so much, but it's always in the back of my mind, you know, I've never experienced having sort of like this anxiety in the back of my mind and it's not even so much, it's these people's reactions, I mean I'm scared somebody's gonna do something really ugly or you know, I should have more faith in people, but I don't.
you
I don't have Children. How do how do how do having Children through this? How do you you know obviously your Children grew up
with your your what your beliefs and I mean you're you know you're being polite and that type of thing but what do they think of the adult you?
What?
Even worse than that I don't think people realize how delicate our freedom and our democracy is. Let alone teenagers and young adults. I'm the one thing I realized since March one thing could happen tomorrow, it's done. People are going to go crazy, they're gonna get their guns are gonna I mean I hate to say that this is a fragile freedom and being having an open society, it's much more fragile than I ever realized.
structure right or leadership? Yeah.
it makes me feel
good
to get out of the house. It's the only thing I do is work with him but I I enjoy it and he's
going to school. I can't believe it, I'm a little nervous and he's only going for half days. They're not going full days. But
again, it's like 40 kids and I'll have a whole high school to themselves. So
Yeah, it will.
Well, wasn't
only ball talking to you
what?
You too. You too stay. Stay, stay
safe.
It's no big deal. All right,
bye bye.