Hi sorry I couldn't get the thing to it
but we got it now,
well
hi Samantha, my name is prudent to, I like your hair.
Oh you didn't uh recently
walk,
wow. With pink hair? Damn that's a commit. I've
had
been careful for only like a woman. It's scary.
Well okay.
Yeah I wanted to bleach my hair but such a such a like shooting them like damaged hair and you have to be okay with that you know? But mm
True. It's either a big investment or you have fucked up. It's either one or the other. Yeah
Neither have I but this quarantine
has made me want to bleach my hair. I've been close
to doing it.
No but you have curly hair? Right?
What?
Okay. Um Well there's this thing if you do have like wavy ish curly hair, have you heard of the curly girl method?
No it's like this um It's a method obviously were you just use like shampoos and conditioners without like sulfates and silicones, whatever. So healthy for like, even if you have straight hair, it's really healthy. Were look it up, it would be great for your hair,
would love
it. Yeah.
this like we're supposed to have a conversation for 25 minutes and there's no, you had no direction, right?
So, so you have to talk.
Yeah, we're doing well. Yeah. Honestly. Um yeah, I was, I was, yeah, I didn't know what to expect. I saw this twice come up on my thing and I was like, I don't know if I should do it, but this
conversation.
No, you know me too. So
are
you? Sorry what?
I need it. Yes, I need these lakes. Yeah, like I got, I wasn't fired. Exactly. I might start working again next week. But
I did, I did stop working for like two months. So I was like, I need to get to do stuff, you know, at least for like a little bit of money. So yeah, I was like $15. Yeah. Yeah.
So are you also like
you work with someone or is this like are you part of like the survey takers or?
Good
night.
That's so funny. My boyfriend's actually an editor to. So yeah, so he's going through the same thing. Like right now they're just making him just like this bullshit thing where he just has to like put other videos together and make it like a video like about the pandemic. And he has to get like interviews, but none of it is actually like shocked. Yeah. It's pretty ridiculous and really frustrating and it's
not fun at all. But like
at least has a job, you know like that's
you have to be really thankful for that.
Well
yeah, that's true. That's true.
So
that's
Yeah. Yeah, I mean I do also works, they ordered a podcast studio and they also had, I was like hired to do remote podcast so I didn't so I just like recorded their Skype calls and that was all I had to do. I know it's strange but it's it's the most
like work I've gotten at the studio ever and it's so weird because it's important like you can't, you know, so like some people are benefiting from this, some people are having more work from this. Real weird. So strange.
How's how's freelancing do you like freelancing?
It's not pretty crazy. Pretty good spirits.
Oh
well.
We're
That was pretty smart. Yeah. And did you did you study anything to do with and then?
Oh my gosh,
that's amazing. Oh wow!
that's true, that's true. What do you
mean
lot of knowledge, A lot of great knowledge, but
um I actually studied chemical engineering but I'm doing like they are like I'm not focusing on that because I, when I graduated high school I was like I love science, I love chemistry and then I started doing that. Then I realized it really wasn't my thing, but I finished because I was like you know what, I can work as whatever, but my my my degree says engineer, my degrees is engineer and I'll be like good,
yes, yes, so I recently moved on from Mexico and I moved to the States doing, I'm just trying to find my way
and
we're
not
I feel like that's gonna be my life. I feel like it's
gonna be fun, you know?
I mean.
Oh,
I'm yeah, I'm
actually right, well sorry. It's kind of cutting out of it. It's
kind of cutting out. Do it? You hear me?
Oh there's a tiny delay but that's fine.
Right? Um Yeah, and then you went up and up and then you finally arrived at your yeah, that's awesome. You learn so much in the way so it's worth it. You know? I'm at
sorry.
On
who
did you get to take chocolate home?
Well,
hey, what was not good? I love dark chocolate. It's my like I could eat that nothing else for the rest of my life. Yeah, I love it. I'm actually uh it's kind of similar like I'm working as a barista, that's
the job I fired from because they had to like look down but now they're starting up again so that's going to be interesting.
Yeah I'm not scared about being like out and out like you know like I don't think I'll get but it's still not as safe. I don't know. But we still we need to get back running one way or another.
not long.
exactly.
Mm. Do you have to wear masks? I don't know where you are but you have to wear masks everywhere.
This week barely.
That's why I'm like like confused. Like like I'm in L. A. And it's been and before the lockdown people were asking for like the government was like you have to cover your face
at
least.
That's
what
Yeah. I was I was reading about all the there's like um like
what do you call it like guidelines with legal consequences if you don't do a shot because they're sending us like we're going to start working so you have to memorize this and it's a bunch of things like you have to cover your face, no one without a face mask can can enter, have to be six ft apart and it's like oh my god and you can actually get jail time if you don't do them
and it's
got pence like I'm glad it's happening. But also that's kind of
yeah like I don't want to go to jail because I forgot. Yeah.
no,
I actually I struggle finding something like good because I found it actually on that same website but I need filters you know? But they're in such high demand that I don't want to buy them so take them away from someone that needs some more. I don't know. So I just have one
print.
Well that's enough.
Yeah I haven't gotten sick in two months so I hope so. Mhm.
Yeah boston wasn't hit that hard. Right.
it's true. I think so too. Yeah it's definitely like a hub and it's so densely populated as well. Yeah
that's pretty scary. But like at least it's like well I've seen like pictures of people on in lakes because it's been really hot so like people go outside and they don't get don't talk.
Yeah the plane mountain red.
it doesn't get hot in boston. I have a friend there and I just no I
just
want
to hold
right because you're saying like the code right?
Oh no. Oh God
no we're off this
moment.
Mhm. What?
You know you will.
Right. I mean I wouldn't put it past global
warming. All
I love like I do love like weather that changes a lot here in sunny California. It's
just fun and sun and fun and back
in Mexico city like it was like that like in New England as you say like it was just all the time like you have to dress for all four seasons in one day like and that's really
funny.
Oh no. Is that is that like real? Is that
like a
wow? Yeah I wouldn't doubt it. Well that's cool.
Oh that makes sense of common. Yes I know nothing about snow because I've never well I live I studied abroad up and in a place where it snowed a bit but nothing like
boston and new york or Chicago that was just like like crazy low temperatures like
there was a year where it was like colder there than like in right the south Pole or something. What? Like how do people live there?
I actually heard that. That's true.
Holy no, it's really cool. This Really? No, no,
I don't were built different. I can, I can, I can do with a lot of heat. I don't understand unless it's like I'm burning but if I'm like taking the ministry percussions, I'm fine. I'm fine with heat. But like it just makes me want to die because it's like, I just, I don't want to move. You know, it's so, it's so bad. I don't like it at all.
No,
it does make you want to be lazy. Yeah, like, but it's true that like one of them will know. Okay, so I was thinking like the happiest countries, like I think it was costa rica. That's one of the happiest countries. Like they're usually harder. But then again like the Scandinavian or like Norway and all of those are also super cold and super
happy.
Never ever. My point doesn't make
sense.
Really. What is it? I don't I've never been I just know that it's like really nice and really tropical and beautiful.
Why they have good coffee. That's true. That's true.
The students
so many places. It's a world within its own like country. It's crazy to me honestly and
like how
you can move from.
Yeah it's huge and and it's so weird because like all of it is developed like there's some other like Mexico city like Mexico it's a big country as well but not every place is developed. There's just like three go to but in the state like yeah there's like three or four cities that are really important but the state is everywhere.
Oh that's true.
No, it's crazy. I can't believe how there isn't like trains though.
Well then.
it's true.
I don't know either. I don't know. I don't know why it's cheaper to for a bus. I wish it was like
like europe like they have like just training all over the place I think for.
That's
true.
What? Oh my God. No.
No it makes no sense. No, you obviously take the foot.
No. Well
that's
yeah and no one's gonna do that, you know? No one's going to take the pain.
Yeah. Yeah. But I
rather
like they were trying to make like this big train. I don't know. I don't keep up very well with the news but there was like this like cross country train or something. I don't know. I hope it happens because
I would
the Iranians. Yeah. Yeah.
But yeah, as soon as uh this quarantine thing
ends, you can start traveling. I've never been to boston actually.
I love that. I really love that.
It is a program. I don't know that.
That's cool. I mean I love like in the states, most cities are pretty new. Like L. A. Feels really new. Everything is
yeah. Compared to other countries and compared to the east coast because the east coast like where like the whole country started. So, so yeah, I think boston is one of the oldest cities, right? I think. Mhm. I remember, I remember seeing the map of boston and you can see like the like really old. Like it's like winding and like, like we're stupid streets and then it's like the court. I don't know how to call it with squares.
Yeah the grid. Yeah. You can tell like, oh, this is old.
Although
that's
I
love the fact. That's a great fact. Oh my gosh! So like month and roads were made by cows. That's amazing. Uh huh.
That's what common ground.
That's really cool. It's, and it's funny like knowing the roots of things. It's like, oh, that makes sense. But it makes okay.
Never because it's like not the reality we live now. But I do miss like I know boston New England has like these bricks houses and like, I don't know that architecture. I love so much here. I don't like the architecture here. I mean downtown is pretty cool because it's uh, what's it called? Art deco. Art deco or whatever. That's really cool. But like, you don't want to go to downtown usually. Yeah. I think they're really expensive or just like not dangerous, but skid row is there? Like there's a like the homeless have have like concentrated there and it it's either uncomfortable or I don't know, but it's not a place you want to be and then the rest of the city is either like, I don't know, like condos and like, I don't know. It's not I don't like it. I don't know, but I don't like looking at it. I really don't want my it's not my style. Mhm.
It's not really memorable to be honest. It's not like maybe the things you did were memorable, like going to Disneyland whatever, but like looking at it, you don't say like oh yeah, like I don't know. Just a lot of highways or freeways, I'm not sure what they're called, but and
and lots of palm trees. The palm trees are beautiful.
Yeah, that's about it. In my opinion.
Uh, we actually went the Tuesday before lockdown. Yes. And we were scared because we went from my boyfriend's birthday and we were like, did we get corona? Do we know? I was so scared.
That's been in five minutes upper. Well, do we end here? Just doesn't stop here
actually. It's Disneyland. Disneyworld. Yeah. Yeah.
We were sick. We weren't sick. We were good.
Yes. I was actually so paranoid for the, for the first two weeks because that's like the incubation period or whatever. Like I had a cough, but it was cold outside, so maybe that was, I was still paranoid. But no, I'm healthy. I'm healthy
because
I didn't know, but I'm healthy. Yeah, your name is Samantha, right, Man.
My name.
My name is really hard to remember. It's like Florence, but in spanish Florencia.
it's cool. Well, great to meet you.
Do you know if I accept this? This this
Okay. Oh, I see. Okay, well, thank you so much for the conversation. Have
have a healthy quarantine.