enhancement. Oh. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Hello?
All
starting timer. Hey I have been given no instructions so uh my
name is Samantha.
Thank you. Figured if I had to be on webcam I would make sure it looked cute.
Well I've had it this way for a while actually.
Um Gosh when did I do it? It's been like a year and a half now.
come
on.
at first I only died like this much of it and I thought
okay if I hate it I can chop it off that I liked it enough that I kept going.
I pay a lot of money for somebody to take care of it for me.
Yeah, pretty much. I have her do it like twice a year and then in between I do my own stuff. That's less expensive. I'm not messing around with bleach
all.
Out.
Yeah. Right to cut my own hair for the first time. It's simple because it's all the same length, but
kind of it's been in
a braid all day, so that's why it's doing that.
I don't think so.
it
should.
Thank you. Mhm
nope. Just
they were doing well so far.
It's like
I can I can take $15 for half an hour.
I
keep
I said I keep buying stuff for myself, so I might as well.
So
Yes.
All right.
So, I just take the surveys sometimes. Like I just signed up, somebody told me about the site and it pays better than some of the other side. So but I am actually work as a freelancer. So it's
been
interesting. I do editing and proofreading. So uh like right now, I have sort of the same amount of work that I did anyway. But I feel like in like another several months when everything that I would normally be editing was supposed to get written now and people aren't working like that's when it's going to be a problem but.
it
all
definitely.
I work with a university that does online courses so I'll edit like all the descriptions of stuff and um
they're still going strong because like everything is going to be online so they may even get more work
so
that
it's nice to have that for sure.
It's
I'm generally I was already working from home and I I generally do things like on the internet and I watched tv and things so overall I feel like I've been pretty much the same but it's still weird.
I do I was terrified of it. But
the last office job that I had ended up pretty bad there was just there was a ton of drama. I had all these like a succession of different managers and the last one just didn't like me. Yeah
mm but I ended up getting fired so I got on unemployment and I thought okay well
they will accept like you have to log like that you're trying to find work but they'll accept freelance work. So
if I so I used that time to start myself off while I was getting the unemployment payments so I wasn't like losing money while I was trying to find clients so it ended up working out pretty well.
Uh Well I minored in english. Um I was in that that cohort where it was just You know it's the early 2000s just go get a degree and nobody cares what it's going to be in. So technically it's a literature degree in medieval and renaissance studies,
so
it's super specific and doesn't apply to anything.
but it
was fun.
Yeah, a lot of fun. I read a lot of great stories but totally useless. What about you?
not at least you have it.
No.
You
know,
I was, I tell people I was 27 before I figured out what I wanted to do when I grew up,
And
Yeah, I'm 30 now and I'm like, I finally feel like an adult, I spent
the last like, like, so I graduated from college and I ended up just doing retail because that's what I had and then from retail I went into a call center and then I was great because I had a chair, you know, just sort of been getting better and better. Yeah,
But
no.
just
yeah, I can hear you, wow.
Yeah, that's fine.
I
as I worked in a in a lindt chocolate store for a while, so at least it was
a fun retail
job
I did, I got
to taste everything, wow.
Today.
I hope so. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, it's it's tough, it really is. I feel just really lucky that I was already working from home and I didn't have to be this huge thing. Like I live by myself, I don't have kids, I don't even have pets right now
and I don't have to worry about like bringing anything home to anyone, so Right,
yeah, I'm still trying to be really careful but at least you know, I don't have to worry about it if I have to go grocery shopping or something.
I'm outside of boston. So they just they just put out an order for masks in public this week. What I was doing it anyway.
Yeah. I'm not sure exactly. I mean I know people have been doing it and I think honestly that's probably why it took a while to become like this is the law now um because it's pretty liberal up here. So most people are. Yeah.
Yeah. Most people have been wearing masks for a few weeks
and
I
think it was
just this past week that it's become an official order that you have to, which is good. I mean I'd rather it be codified and make people do it.
Uh huh.
Are
they?
Right. It's both necessary and very scary.
You know, I went I went on Etsy and I bought some like fun and face masks and fun fabric. So
at least I don't have to, you know, because I had like I admit so like I admit just like a bunch of just like a random piece of fabric like okay, let me get something that's like designed for this.
I've just had,
I just had like multiple layers of fabric that's
close enough.
Let's hope
not comparatively like new york was not that far away and it was very bad there. But I think boston has been a little better. I think I think new york just has so many people who travel. I think that's the reason that it it became so bad.
Okay.
Yeah. That was I started out just I had like some scarves that I was just putting over my face, but I have to wrap it around my entire head to make it stay and it's Coming up on 80° and
look I need to I need something I can wear that's not going to suffocate me when the summertime comes.
You
can get
pretty
It doesn't usually get above like a 100 But for me anything above like 75 is hot.
I'd rather have the cold winter for sure.
Apparently
it's
supposed to snow this weekend like okay.
Oh
I read something about like historic May snowstorm. I'm like all right, whatever whatever you want to do whether
The
joke. The joke in New England is if you don't like the weather, wait five minutes little change like it was bright and sunny this morning and now it looks like it's gonna rain.
What's missing.
What happened?
I
saw I saw a photo going around it was two houses on the same street like apart from each other across the street and one house is in the shade and it has snow. And a person going with a snowblower and the others in the sun and the person's going with the lawnmower.
I
don't know. But it was pretty funny.
Like there's no only melts on the sunny side of the street.
But not real.
All
Usually it doesn't actually it doesn't get blisteringly cold. It just snows a lot. I think I think when it gets extremely cold it doesn't Just the air can't hold as much water so you end up getting more snow and bigger snow and it's like 30° or 25. Yeah. Yeah.
Which which is still cold but
I'll mind.
Now I get like that in the sun. I just like I don't want to move, moving, moving creates energy, moving creates
body, just want to stop and do nothing.
That's
true.
My
friends, my friends been to Costa rica a few times. She loves it there.
Yeah, she said that like the coffee there was the best she'd ever had.
Yeah, I don't I don't tend to travel abroad very much. Um but I'm trying to travel a little bit more within the states. Just
see a few more cities.
it's
ridiculous,
ridiculous.
everywhere is important. They'll argue about it. Mhm.
Yeah, I'm thinking I went to, I went to college in new york and I would take the bus up to boston to visit my friends and just Pat and we would pass like we passed Hartford Connecticut And like right there there's three major cities in a four hour bus ride.
There
are but there's so much more expensive. That's
what I don't understand.
All
Yeah. I'd love I'd love to do a good better train ride. But literally the train is
more
expensive than the plain sometimes.
My my family is still a little farther south there in New Jersey. Um There about an hour out of new york. So another, so it's either like a six hour drive Or a 45 minute flight.
But I looked into the train and it's as expensive if not more to take the train then to to get the flight.
Which
is ridiculous.
And the train takes as long as the bus,
the
room.
That
would be very cool. Yeah.
Mhm.
What?
it's nice. There's a lot of like colonial architecture.
Yeah. It's pretty big boston itself has obviously a lot of history but like a lot of the smaller cities right nearby have a lot of that like local history and like american revolution monuments and stuff. Plus there's the aquarium,
there's a pretty good aquarium. Yeah.
Compared to, you know, compared to other countries for sure.
grid.
Yeah. Yeah literally the older windy paths are the way they are because it used to be where the farmers would take their cows. It's, and so the cows would would walk these little windy roads and then eventually that gets pounded down and then that's what they decided to pave because there was already,
this is where the cows would go.
It's pretty
funny.
Well there's the boston common which is a big park. Um They have a lot of activities, a lot of businesses, a lot of things around there. Um But it's called that because in like colonial days the common was where if you didn't have your own land to put your cows out to pasture there was the common pasture and you would bring everyone to bring their cows so that they could sit there and eat all day. Yeah.
Yeah so it's that's a lot of the history of you know you can kind of trace back.
but you never thought about it before.
I've been to L. A. A couple of times but I don't remember I was probably pretty young. Mhm.
and then
I'm crazy. Yeah.
Yeah. Do you get to Disneyland?
Oh right it's 25 minutes. Thanks.
Keep talking about Disney World but.
Yeah.
Well that's good. Yeah, you would know by now.
that's
good.
And you were I forgot
your name.
Florencia. I thought Francisco that wasn't quite right. But
Yeah. Thank you. That was just fun.
Yeah. I think you can just can't just close the window and it should be good.
Where you find
you too.