Hello
fix my volume right now. Alright, Awesome. It's six.
No
you? And I thought I was like, oh no, the person going to be like um I'm not gonna wait for someone. Uh
I'm
sorry about that.
Oh Barbara, nice to meet you. I'm just even,
I
think we can talk about anything. Yeah.
Well
Barbara, where are you? Where you were you living right now? What?
okay, cool. I think, I think there once, that was about a year ago for a friend's wedding. Yeah.
I actually am in long beach California.
Oh, thank
you.
Oh no way. Okay.
So
That's, that's how it got going.
Like jersey told um I was originally born and raised up in san Francisco kind of like near that area. And then I came down to Long Beach for cal state. Long beach. Yeah.
And then I, after I graduated, I stay down here for a few years. Yeah. Just trying to.
I
usually do, but not this year. Of course.
Right.
It's just been crazy.
Honestly. It's uh,
yeah, you do. It's like, like dig. I just really hope that like nothing gets to screwed up by january. You know, when, when biden finally goes in the office. Uh huh.
I
know. Um, that well, like, well, I'll talk for that like, what have you been doing in quarantine?
The
clinton.
How are we,
what
hotels?
Hey,
I mean if you're giving stuff to the people who need it, there's no problem with that.
I mean, I heard in the news that there's like one that's kind of coming out 90% success, But I mean hopefully we can
decrease that margin to like 95 to like near 99%.
Yeah. Right now it's just kind of the waiting game. Hopefully everyone can play their part. But it seems like
forgetting. It seems like a lot of people are forgetting that part.
Are you still working?
Oh yeah. Yeah. I've just started prolific actually in quarantine. Yeah. Just like I haven't heard of it anywhere. Like I was just looking up stuff like how can I make little tiny bits of side funny like while I'm being furloughed. So yeah, currently I'm still working. I work as a are you familiar with the physical therapy? Like the word physical therapy? Yes.
Um so I am a physical therapy aid. Yeah. And I go in, I work in aquatic settings, so in the pool and yeah,
it's an inside area and um our days got decreased a little bit are and um number of patients that we're seeing have decreased just a little bit. Um but we get a nice population that ranges like from like people who are in high school, but mostly people who are in 50s and above. So a lot of people
like are at the age of being at risk and already comes there with issues. So it's like, it's kind of like go there to be active and you know, help your body get better, but also at the same time like that everything else that's going on right now, you know, there's like that balance that are like the give and take that has to happen. It's helped.
Have you had?
Oh, thank you. I'm hoping to get my doctorate soon. I just applied to six schools. Hopefully we're getting in next summer next fall.
Okay. I'm not
angry. Thank
you.
What did you do before you retired?
I mean, at least you like you, it's very constructive what she did and like how you tell me like, this is how you can improve and like, this is what you got, like how can we work with it essentially. Oh,
was it stressful?
You got it. You that is 100% the essence.
It can be. Yeah. It's just like, oh my God, it reminds me of that show, not health kitchen. It's like the one that Gordon Ramsay goes to restaurants and help them, but it's like,
just
I know. Yeah. It's like how can you change, like, something like that's that bad? And then the people who owned the restaurant, like, I think this is perfectly fine more
exactly now you're going to be put
on national television. Yeah.
Oh, yeah. It's good to meet you too. I appreciate this.
Yeah. Like this is my first time ever doing this study. Um Oh really? Your first time to Oh,
okay.
Um If you're well little I guess I don't currently I'm in a closet. Yeah.
Yeah. This is okay during quarantine,
right? This is a laundry basket like during quarantine. Okay, so this thing right here, that is our mini washer slash dryer that we had to use at the beginning of quarantine. Um So I currently live in a studio apartment with my boyfriend and yeah, and we were very cautious about like, we don't know anything about this right now, so we didn't want to share the communal laundry room with everyone. So like, we bought that, like it was great because you have to go anywhere, but we had to fill it up like manually with tubs and tubs of water. Yeah. And like, we'd have to like hanging out to dry and everything and like sometimes we would need to close but like they were wet still like yeah it was a whole mess but as soon as we have
but
so they're connected
but there is
one half does the washing, another half does like a spinner. Yeah
so it's that's how we had to like get it working but
We use a communal one now but we are very cautious with it like we have kn 95 that we use when we go downstairs
and everything and make sure we like disinfect as like we come back upstairs
and yeah do the whole shebang and
it is yes. It is very crazy.
That's what kills me.
I have like very strong opinions about those young people who are my age who are not taking this seriously. It's like you might not like it, you might get it, but you might not feel a thing. But your friend whose parents who lives with their grandma, our grandpas or uncles, we'll
get it. Like they or they can get the worst end of the stick. So
Like
how
is
like the environment in texas like with that thing so far?
Yeah. I can only imagine that for you right now. Like not like not really seeing family, especially like you have someone that you live with who is?
Okay. Like my my boyfriend, he's also has some other medical issues going on with him too. So like me who I see, I see like Patients about two twice a week and I sometimes I get afraid but like seeing other people like friends when they want to hang out like okay, we gotta get tested, we gotta make sure that like we're both clean or like yeah so we have to make sure on everything before I apparently I go out and see other people because I could be affecting my patients, I could be affecting my boyfriend. So
my dad though however is I don't know like he is in the 60s now for some reason he's not taking it as seriously as I think someone who has a lot of things going on to medically it would take you know so it just also makes me confused. Okay.
no.
which is interesting. Um He does go like to doctor's offices like pretty frequently so like he's kind of in touch with the medical world and he actually does like watch the news like every morning. Uh
And his sister is an E. R. Nurse. Yeah
so and they're pretty close like they communicate at least like what's going on their lives sometimes. And like she was like yeah like it's not that great right now. But the thing is that my aunt is like the same one who is a nurse is still like inviting people over like I know
problem.
merit
then
and
you know you're you're completely right about that um With my parents especially my dad like he currently lives alone and like he kind of craves that human interaction and he sees people on the weekends out and out the outdoor settings and stuff which is like okay I feel better about that. But like he's like oh we can go this place for christmas can go to this place of thanksgiving, it's like dad wasn't like take off a year, right? Oh
right so like it's cool. Don't don't really
worry
about that, is it? Mhm
Yes, we are very close to the ocean. Would you like to see? Yeah,
you're
like
a many tourist. Yeah. Oh man.
All right, let's get out.
Yeah, I know. See Oh man, it's 5:00 and it's dark already. I forgot about that. But
all right, let's see here. So this is downtown Long Beach. Yeah.
that's
it. Yeah, there it is. Right, the ocean right there and
this is downtown Long Beach.
It's nice.
Um But it gets
loud. Oh okay. Let's head back into the closet.
Would
you when was the last time you were here?
Mhm. So when you work like with hotels, did they give you a lot, a lot of perks and stuff like that?
nothing,
I've never been to Hawaii before.
I
do.
which island did you go through? Okay.
okay.
So funny story. Well not a story but like little thing to tell you about Oahu is that my dad has a an aunt or cousin. The thing is that my family is huge so I'm sorry I I I don't want to give disrespect to them but an aunt or a cousin that lives on Oahu. Right. Yeah and let's see they have like a little apparently. Oh right that's what it is. Have you ever heard the movie called the descendants or something?
You know the house that they lived in? That's my cousin's aunt's house. That's it. Uh huh.
I know. I should it be a good excuse? The funny thing is is that I only met them last year at a different wedding. Yeah. For the first time in my life. Yeah. So I was like once like, oh
It's like I'm glad to meet you now in my 20s.
I cannot tell you how excited we are for something like
that
after everything. Um
mm
I have no idea.
So I wish I could tell you more. And in the realm of health care that I work at, we don't really directly work with like, you know, think invasive stuff. Yeah. It's kind of large just like outpatient sort of rehabilitation. Not not necessarily with like the vaccine. So we I I I personally don't know how much they're going to enforce it. Like the regulations of who gets what first. Yeah,
I mean honestly I yeah, I feel like it should go by like urgency of like age would be a good like criteria.
How can we left
like people who are like actually providing the health care to people and everything. Yeah. That's a good thing to consider. Um
it isn't.
Yeah and like as someone who does like even though I don't work in like emergency care like I kind of help with people who just like need to survive during quarantine. Like it's kind of amazing how like even though this is a crazy time like my uh people who hire me and like my like bosses and stuff, they only care so much to an extent. It's like they'll enforce regulations of like six ft apart. We're gonna have only a few people in the pool at the time but we're not going to give you P. P.
so like I had to buy my earth by my own or like the person who owned the whole facility, not my boss. That's totally different.
The person who owns the facility actually gave us PPE. So yeah so that's it goes to show like a little bit of a character of who will treat their workers right? Yeah.
sometimes sometimes so
people
so that
I
do wear a mask in the pool. So the thing is that we don't make people swim left a
very big new conception.
Yeah. Go swim 10,000 lots
and you'll be fired. Um People ask us that it's like oh are you gonna make me like dunk my head and like no no no no no that's not how it does work. So like
I'm like to
give you an idea is that like we have like maybe a 40 ft long pool, half of it goes from three ft to 4.5 ft. And after that 4.5 ft it dips into eight ft. So you get the best of both worlds of like being shallow and
then you go into the deep end. And the thing is that with how aquatic therapy works is that um it's being the deep end is actually really good for a lot of people because like you're only suspended from your neck down and your head up is just chilling. And then what it does, it decompress is a lot of joint from your neck down. Yeah.
What was that?
No compression at all. It's really good for people who have like really like that low back pain, knee pain. Um People who have fibromyalgia benefit so much um
aquatic therapy. Um And to answer your question about getting the pool, it's the only time I do is when I have a first time person who doesn't know what they're doing at all. Uh
All right,
this
is how you do it. Like make sure you're not doing it wrong and then after that, then I'll be a little bit more lousy fair. But uh or people who are balanced risk um and people who are based yet on top of balance right, people are learning how to walk essentially. Um
I had to be in the pool quite a few times today actually on a, like, it's just a weird bit of just like, oh, I bet I'm not going to be the polls like this long today until this happens. But I had to be in the pool actually quite a lot because I had a couple of first time patients and then I had this one patient who can barely bend or move her right leg at all and
her foot is stuck in like a plant, like a pointer, like
a ballet foot. But we have to like really work hard to like pressing it down last few blocks but very painful for her. And
Her leg has been in that condition for about 14 years.
Yeah I know it
not
arthritis, I think he'd still be able to move it. This is more of like an accident happened to her a long time ago and they could be neurological including psychological, so a lot of that kind of plays hand in hand with how treatment goes and how someone injures themselves and why they stay. So why they have a chronic injury? Yeah,
so it's all about facilitating movement in the pool. The pool allows them to decrease the amount of weight that they're putting onto their joints but still being able to get that movement that he won't be getting on land. So.
Yeah. Thanks. Um I've only been doing this for like since january but before that I've been at like regular clinic so this is my first time ever being I guess first year. Oh my God it's Hillary in november. Oh holy
cow.
Holy
this
is January. So near like 10 months ish around there.
But yeah like no matter like I know I'm putting like oh god a little dimming moment on it but I love it
and like the best thing about it is probably like getting to talk with the people because this is probably their only time to get social time too as well as mine.
that's right yeah that's it.
So right now I'm just kind of looking to get into Peaky school and let's get my doctor it and everything. But
what was that?
Doctor that's
honestly I'm just hoping that's going to happen one day at least within the year.
But um for for you like have you been able to talk with friends and stuff online?
I like
that.
that's super. So maybe.
sweet.
Oh that's really amazing about how close you guys are, like how you
get to
interact with him all the time.
right.
So are they like your kids and your grandkids, are they also like they do they live close to you or are they like in other states?
Well
Oh that's not too bad then.
I mean you still get some like connection there that even though it's limited but it's something it's better than nothing for sure.
Have you
been uh like I guess with food wise, how have you been handling that?
Well
no.
nice. Like
I'm pretty I'm very impressed.
Well,
like a lot of people were probably just like, yeah, screw it. Okay. I
was just really know you go in somewhere, like it's pretty also amazing to see that restaurants are actually opening up for people inside. I don't I don't
understand that. Yeah.
I
know
right. It's like, how about
Hi,
I don't know. I think it's also pretty not just like people like you're also being selfish. Thank you.
Yeah. Like can you just like not care for someone else or a second?
Okay. The thing is is that we are right next door to Orange County, which is technically the midwest I've got of southern California. So that includes like really rich white towns, I have to be honest.
And
they are, that's a very huge population of trump supporters. I just owned that area. Like I used to like you guys, I used to know,
I would, I had a community college, a couple of courses in Newport. Like I used to go surfing in Huntington Beach and now I'm afraid of going there.
It is very weird. Um, there's also a very
rich area in Long Beach and if you see like a color coded map, uh, the closer you get to that richer area in Long Beach, the rhetoric gets with trump supporters. And there's this place called Naples where everyone basically lives on the water and these are million dollar houses or more than that. And people have to go kayaking between the people's houses and there's flags like straight up. Yes,
I know. It makes me do that every time.
It's
like, I kind of want to just like go up to their persons home and just take it down. Yeah.
Like I sound a little bit of breweries like kind of want to burn it, but you know what? No, no, no, no
NFL sustained, it's okay. But yeah, it's a little a little weird because Long Beach in general is a very liberal or not. Oh my God city. Um but of course you're going to have a little spotty areas of like being a little more red than usual,
but in general people are pretty cautious. But as you saw there is a restaurant that's right across the street from us. They started opening up indoors. So I'm just this like, oh my God, this cannot be happening. And also that restaurant is not very smart because people have reported getting hep a there multiple times. Yes,
it's
it is crazy.
Yeah. I was very scared if I was gonna have conflicting political views or just views health wise with.
Yeah. Oh let's talk about cheese. Yeah. Yeah
we can talk about food that's not as much as it is getting. Oh my God um we're okay once this is all over what do you think like you would treat yourself to do
dinner?
How? Okay so I know that knowing that my geography is okay there must be like beaches in the south of texas and everything like
perhaps.
I don't know.
Right right. Like as much as it is expensive to live here, the quality they keep it to a certain standard you know like like that's what they're paying for essentially so like
I'm kind of willing to pay for that but that makes me sad to hear that the about the beaches like the what like that when part where you could have had a nice little area to hang out with the families and everything. They it seems like they just wrecked it.
Is that?
I mean I gotta say at Long Beach isn't the cleanest beach either. Um But it's definitely not like that brown but like it could be better compared to all the breaches in California. Um The thing is that we have like these faux islands that surround the coast of Long Beach and those islands are actually just cover up and like they look nice, they look like oh that looks like a mini amusement park. No there cover ups for oil rigs. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah if you look up online just like uh long beach oil rig islands. That's it. Those are uh
they
just make
them look pretty. So
they're
getting
the oils out of the ocean and there's
like a lot of like shipping tanks that go back and forth, back and forth. So I'm not exactly where sure where the refineries are but like that we have like random scattered oil rigs throughout the city
of material.
there you go. A little bit of balance there. Um When I was first checking out catholic long beach for school, I went for me and my dad went to the best western and where you start to eat breakfast. There is like a huge window and it would have been nice to look outside to the nature of what long beach had to offer. But your front view is an oil rig right in front of your face. Like I wanted a view of this. How did they know?
okay.
how much I
join?
Yeah
it's pretty crazy like the air quality in this like closer you get to downtown the worse it gets. Um Just because also like there are some more oil rigs and like chipping here. They do a lot of like the transportation here for out of the things. Um So the air quality isn't the greatest are safe.
there
is. There is um.
And yeah that's probably like the source of like the bad age you are and everything. But anyway it's okay.
I'm not complaining. And that's just the
truth. The objective truth that
appeared
Uh Yeah.
Um Have like have you been able to like try to do anything like new for yourself? Like for instance like try gardening. Try like to make a new hobby.
I
can't,
I
try to thank you.
I
tried cocaine to. It's hard.
No.
Who?
Like what's with the environment that like that you live in that? Why you can't grow fruits and vegetables?
Not that I remember. Do not common, like they're probably around but I just that's not a very regular thing to see. Here.
Are
you
a plant box?
Wait sorry he repeat that. Salmon
duh.
So
our seven ducks. Okay.
the boats are so vicious. Huh
bash. Welcome.
There you go.
Yeah, I think so too. Oh my gosh. Like
so
the
thing is I'm like I'm not very familiar with seven Dust. So is that like a is that a pesticide
at the
man.
I I guess my lack of knowledge of that goes to show of how much California has really tried to promote the organic growing, you know, wow that's that's pretty insane to think about.
Well
so far so good. But um I like for me I tried growing stuff on my little balcony that we just went out and it's not really like the amount of space is basically the perimeter of what I have dozens of closet and I've been some people can get in, take out. I would like save the containers, they would give our food in and like put soil and stuff like in there and
so far it's been working. Um
Yeah, all I needed to do was like buy plant food and like that was basically other than the soil. And yeah like right now I'm growing great tomatoes,
green onions, basil. Uh The work great tomatoes actually. And what else am I growing or perhaps. Oh I used to I grew green beans for a little while.
I had like little like these like long green beans. Like I had like maybe three plants of it. But just like I would only get like a small harvest but I'm just happy that I did it.
It's like like people see me walking with like big bags of soil as I go up the stairs of my my building like, hey, how's it going? And it's just like, it's really funny. But so far it's been like an experiment for me and other than getting a pet, it's like that saying that I check up on was like how are you guys doing uni um of water today?
Actually not a lot a lot. But they started to grow um like on this one plant I have about like maybe six little tomatoes
and growing. And then I have like two other separate rates to make a plan. But they haven't gotten as much fruit just yet, but all the fruits right now is green. But I like one little tiny red tomatoes that's just making it like, oh, sweet
harvest. But yeah, like the thing that I'm probably getting the most benefit out of his problem. My basil plant. Yeah.
So I started those in like april and now they're about like this tall with like a lot of these autumn, like you were having a pasta every week. Oh yeah.
Like that. It kind of, it just brings me that little spark of joy just like I did that or help that happen.
I
know it is. Um I'm not sure if you've been following the trends, but have you been baking bread a lot or do your job?
nine.
What kind of bread do you make?
Save
your hands. Save your shoulders. have the
Yes. But my second question I wanted to ask you, is that how long have you had your breadmaker for?
I think we should have gotten off gotten a bread maker a long time ago then. Yeah.
Ooh,
Well let's see. We started making a little bit more bread at home of course for quarantine and that was a lot of fun, but our breads would always come out weirdly shaped and come out like little monsters rather than actual delectable pieces of bread. Um So my boyfriend got the idea of buying a bread maker that was about maybe a month ago. We use it once and so far so good. Like we made this. Mhm.
Yeah, we made this interesting like tomato basil bread. Like were you actually put in like a little bit of tomato sauce and like the thing is that we also don't have a food measure, like a food scale and all the recipes that it came with our like ingram's there in middle, it's like okay. Yeah, it's like we could we don't mind the converting and stuff, but it doesn't say a lot of other directions. So this makes me think that like alright, what country was made for and how it was translated and right,
so it was a little, it's been a little bit unclear of how like what exact things that we need to do for it, but I say it is convenient. That's what I'm getting out of all of this.
Also my boyfriend made a huge investment
in a thing called the ninja foodie.
It's the night and
one
it's
called the nine in 1.
so actually let me look that up ninja foodie. Uh nine in 1. So it has it's the deluxe X. L. Um Let's see. It's got an air fire for sure. Um Okay pressure cooking. They're frying. Such air crisping, steam slow cook yogurt here sat bake roast royal and it's a dehydrator.
It was definitely an investment.
Oh like like right now on Amazon it's $200. Yeah
it
does
do all that. So it felt it was a great investment. Um Like what would I what I would do is like instead of like having like multiple like pots and pans for like a bunch of different things for dinner. Like I've used the fruity for like sauteing and then I can like cover it so it can boil and then I would like take something out. Then I could like big something in it and or like air fried chicken in it as well. So yeah
there is a couple of attachments that does come with and it sounds like oh
you need to buy something else so it can dehydrate more. Like in reality you don't need to like the things that it comes with is as good enough as you need or you can get a little creative and like make make shifting. But so far I've just been working with what gave us. Okay.
Oh well that's super sweet. Yeah. Ah
you to your name is Barbara.
well it's wonderful to meet you. Barbara.
No
so let's see once your conversation is complete or if your conversation gets interrupted double blah blah blah please return to this browser tab and continue. Okay hold on. Does it say to exit out?
yeah there is the next time.
That's what I'm confused about. two. Um
I think I'm a pretty contact that follow blah that uh yeah it just says not sure. Okay
and we're done my chest.
We're just exit out or should
we just click the next
tab?
Yeah. Did you already click it?
No
I don't want to do.
I don't think this is an amazing conversation
and I'm glad that we got a chance to talk and I'm glad to hear that you're doing okay still keeping
in
contact with family because that's a very important thing right now for everyone.
Okay.
Just
in case you we both pressing the tab and see what happens
the night.
All right
you're
just
yet it says something by
oh okay now. Okay.
okay well that's it then. That's it. All right
Youtube high stay safe.