Okay. You have to take me into the other round. I could you? I just don't want to do it. I don't know. I'm sure don't touch any of the buttons. I've got it set up so it'll work. Okay, grinder. Uh We'll do our uh Yeah, yeah. Where you going to have it in your bedroom? Yeah. Mhm. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. What's that? You want one of those sweaters? Okay. My job. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm, wow. Yeah. Anything else meaning no big one that covers good. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Turn it off. That's it. Just from the yanks get hot. Mm hmm. Yeah. What, what, what it is? Uh huh. From the air tanks are probably get hot when you close the door cause it's got to be quiet. Turn the air down. Okay. Mm. Uh huh. Okay. Half an hour. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm Yeah. Two. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah, I can tell you. Yeah. Oh yeah. Mhm. Right. Just looking. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. All right. Yeah. Mm. Okay. Today well, yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. But okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. It's mm hmm. Right. That, yeah. Right. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hello? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Uh huh.
Can you hear me?
Yeah, I'm glad you
made it.
All right. You hear about all the people that get on and then no one else is there.
So yeah,
my name is program
I want to, I don't know. I'm not sure what we're supposed to talk
about.
Okay. Very
good.
I'm in, I'm in Dallas texas, but plano, which is just outside of Dallas, so
Iceland. Where are you from?
Very nice, very nice.
Um,
I grew up in Tarzana, which is the suburb of Los Angeles. Here in the valley.
Yeah.
And this is in California, it's so pretty, the beach and And they are a Texan 40 years ago. So here I am.
That's no problem. Yeah.
Oh I see.
What the law in san Francisco? Oh my goodness. Do you get back home to visit
or
no this year we're all staying home. Yeah.
Yeah
terrible.
It really had crazy. I'm so glad that you know we're going to have a new president
Yeah absolutely. You know these things that are happening that trump is doing and you just it's scary because he's next thing with the defense department and all of this so we all know normal. We need peace in
our life.
During the coins, well my husband and I both have been, my husband has heart problems so we've just been quarantined since
March.
And so it's been a long time. It's just been he and I, we have Children that we talked to on the phone and on Alexa and grandchildren.
And uh yeah, so it's really nice. They call every day and um, but you know, it's very sad. We'll be able to be there for the holidays or things like that. But what else have we been doing? I don't know,
doing, we're painting the house
taking house. We re like, we've gotten rid of tons of stuff. I think the Salvation Army has been here like five times picking up
stuff.
Yeah, it's been it's been okay. I mean, it's really been okay. I'm ready for there to be a vaccine. Yeah.
jim.
Yeah, I think so
more.
I think so. It seems that way with Covid going crazy now. It's scary, you know?
Um No, I don't work. I've been reading for about five years, careful, thank you. And um, so yeah, I'm not working. I do, I do do mturk and prolific sex.
Mhm
You are very young,
Anything,
it really is, I mean it's all like that, you know, it really is. I um I think those physical therapy, so it's so important, you know,
for people that arthritis, so I kind of know, I've been to physical, kind of know what that is. What do you do an important job?
Oh, that's awesome.
That's
bill
people doing that. It really is good. You're too, and then going forward with that. Yeah.
Oh, um I did, I was a director of regional sales for a hotel company that had Marriott and Hilton hotels and well, I would travel to hotels to help them perform better. So my arthritis got worse. I couldn't travel like that is traveling every week. Well, I just stopped traveling and so that we won't, but it was okay. I mean, I enjoyed it and I did it. Yeah,
Some people did, some people,
it was very stressful because there was always in a real job. So it was always, you know, you're always being judged on how well the hotel performed yet and you kind of know this being because you want people to perform better, but you can't do it for them. So it's, it's
no, so it's frustrating, right?
Well, uh
and pass for that one. Yeah, and I'll tell them what to do and you just, oh my God, people were even eating at that restaurant.
I mean like then why did you call exactly?
And
that's so true. So true. I'm so glad that you got on the call and I got to meet you tonight.
A little note this, I thought, oh, this comes along.
yeah, yeah,
I assigned it before and then I got on and there's some kind of, I don't know who is me, if it was the system, but there was a glitch. So I got off and so then they signed me up for this one. Fine. Yeah.
Well that's the reason it's quiet.
I don't think laundry basket.
Try and walk in the same machine.
Like would have walked in the quarters, the two separate parts
and
out.
yeah,
You communal now or do you still use that one?
I don't know.
One more
crazy.
I thought that you do that though. I mean you know a lot of people here in texas have the attitude, well we're young and it just doesn't matter and you know if we get it we'll get over it, you know?
That's more,
War
they can make enlightenment and and you just, they don't love, it just feels like they don't care. I don't know. Very very odd
to me.
I don't
know.
It seems like it's gotten a little better with wearing mass. I see more people with masks. Um but there's still people, you know they out at night and going to restaurants and bars and you know, you see it um I don't understand it but that it seems like what it's like. You know, it just it feels very much as an older person that they just don't care. You're just not on.
I do like my husband, we've been married 40 years. Yes.
It's very scared. Did you take that responsibly? You know? Yeah.
Yeah. That is confusing. That's why you watch, you know what's going on. No. Yeah. I don't know. I just, you know at first my my youngest daughter, I have two daughters and they're burying their Children but my youngest daughter really, she doesn't watch the news a lot. Didn't really understand what was going
on. So she thought it was a little rack to be so concerned because we immediately started watching everything that came to the house and you know, but as you watch jake got better. But I really didn't understand. I mean maybe that's how it is with your death that he just isn't keeping up with what's going on, you know?
No.
wow.
people are crazy. I know. Why am
my God my thanksgiving at her house. So her husband has the mother and father and so they're going to your house but they're even older than us and I'm
like and the other dogs go over there and you know and there's gonna be some other people there and I'm like is it thanksgiving so important that you're going to risk your lives
for that? You know? Some
people are crazy. I don't know, I don't know how else to explain.
You know, go after the vaccines come out. Yeah.
Time
on
lot of each. Are you close to the ocean?
I would love
to
all.
Yeah.
That's awesome. See?
that's okay.
Oh wow. Look at that and you can hear the ocean out at the other, is that it right there over
the other
Beautiful.
That is beautiful.
Look at
that
that's beautiful. I just thought about California, you've got the beach, you got the mountains, you got anywhere you want to go. Really like
that.
I have there for you know for when I worked I went to a lot of hotels in California and they were, I saw this five years ago so I said a lot of time in sacramento and um and Corona we had a hotel, nothing right on. They were mostly like you know courtyards and the residents is not the big full service hotels.
We got employee rates which was good. So that's got to go. The best deal we ever got was one time we got a at the Ritz Carlton and it was in Flora in Naples. And it was in the summer so not a lot of people were going to like it was like $50 a night so it's a good park.
And we went to Hawaii once and it was like I don't know like $100 when it would have been so much more. But it works to working at hotels. Yeah. And then I got my mind for traveling so we could get airport.
Well you have to go
to,
it's beautiful. I've only been once but it was beautiful.
We just went to Iowa. Right.
Yeah.
Oh I love that movie with George Clooney.
We need to go and visit.
You probably,
Yeah. Well after the co did you guys should just take off and go visit relatives in Hawaii years
and
after the company.
Okay.
I just I don't see how they're going to get the vaccines to everyone being a medical person. Do you know
like dr well they're big big centers.
Where you get it
help you provided myself should get it first because you know. Yeah
and then a six people. Yeah.
I mean how great are the healthcare workers that take care of these people? I mean you know like is it working? You know I just think I didn't it really it amazes
me.
Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah
and,
It really does tell that a lot of the character you're doing pool therapy. Do people do you have to get in with them in the pool or do you,
No
you were and what I mean how do you do that?
You wear a mask in the
pool
Excuse
me. What? Yeah.
What?
Let you all up and down or something.
What?
it won't
pressure is completely off of them
so there's no pressure on any of the other joints then.
that's
Oh my God. Oh that's
bad
man.
Yeah.
No
drink.
welcome.
014 years only.
What part is that? Is that just like is that something that is it like arthritis or something? Cause that
for
Yeah.
that's right.
Remember
can you
believe it? Okay.
What?
Yeah, it's good times.
No.
Yeah. No that's very nice. That's very true. I think that people don't realize how much your life changes when you, especially if you're dealing with a lot of older people when you get older just changes you know. But so before we're doing regular physical therapy and then you got into the aquatic therapy
so
let me take that.
Yeah. Will be doctor people
after the war back.
Well
yeah we we talk online people you know we do Alexa a lot.
She's
very busy enough. Yes. You know the amazon Alexa? Where what he has when they just call the grandkids especially love it because they just they press a button and they can call so you know the other day they called and they're like nana do you want to watch a movie with us? I was like well okay so they moved in so that I could see the movie and it was very cute. You know they just like you know it's like okay that's a movie with you.
And it's like they're little they're like 85 and then there's a baby and then I have another granddaughter that my other daughter has and she likes to play the three marker challenge where like she'll say okay to pick up three markers and then we have to draw pictures just using those colors so she'll color on one side and I'll color on the other. It's really funny how things I know
it is but you know what's funny is that first the team awkward but now it seems so normal that they'll ring up and be like let's do this and you're like okay.
it's
very.
Yeah and that really Alexa has allowed that. I mean they're too little to like use their parents face the pair probably don't want to walk around the house with their phone and facetime you know. But but my one little grandson he does like to get his mom's phone and he'll go I'll show you my room nana so he'll take his phone. He's a yeah
yeah
this is important.
So I live in down for about 40 minutes not to kind of close but not all that close.
No it's not bad. It's really not bad but it's just you know it's just the quarantining you know And I'm not I mean my husband I laughed and said oh we have a circle of trust so we just just like we just decided the beginning of this that was it you know we're just not gonna but it's been okay. It really has been in a weird way okay you know?
but what we've done nothing. That's
that's
that's what we do go out to you but we always do pick up so we just pop up in the trunk like that. The whole foods by our house that, you know, you just put the trunk and the whole whole foods has been great and they just put it right in the trunk. We've got turkey there the other day
and uh, frozen turkey and um, uh, we also have a store called Market Street that does pick up. So we do what we always pick up. You know, we don't go into any stories. We have been, we haven't, we've been really good. I'm actually really
proud of that. We had rules for ourselves and you know, Yeah.
Mm
Well
thank you.
Yeah,
that's
I don't understand. Could you? And now it's getting so bad. Like you saw, I'm sure you saw on the news, el paso and you know how bad it's getting in the midwest, everything. I don't understand why. What is the big deal about just closing the bars and restaurants, something like are you going to die if you have to make a sandwich at home? I don't
get
it, you know,
and maybe you support those people working there or even the owners so that they can have some money or some kind of federal thing, you know? But it's crazy.
What?
So selfish?
How is it here in California? How is it there? Because it looks like you're in the downtown or do people go out at night and pardon me play without Nasa?
In
life.
yeah. You want to put a Newport? But nothing. Yeah.
That they turned trump supporters now. It seems like um I was, I was listening about Arizona, it seems like like you have the trump supporters and then you have these really rich people that are trump supporters. Isn't that weird?
I think that's
flag one. Gosh
I couldn't take it I just couldn't
take it.
exactly.
Want
and
god so they're not going probably the cleanliness, precautions whatever,
it's just crazy
prison. I'm glad to hear that you have been cautious and that you agree.
No whoever you joker because what do you talk about nowadays? You talk about the Kobe, You talk
what kind do you like? Yeah.
Well first see my family of course to treat myself to
do. I'd like to go to a beach to the beach. Yeah. Minister lee.
Yeah there is down around Corpus Christi and padre island on the other side of Houston kind of there's beaches.
Yeah but it's nothing like California beaches like they kind of smell of oil and gas because
Ellen corpus Christi that I had to visit a lot and and I used to think because you would see these big you know all the oil and gas refineries there and they would just be lit up with like fire in the sky and at least once a month or more there would be oil spills because texas is so corrupt. Um You know you can imagine in all the rules and everything and if you saw Corpus Christi it's really beautiful like it's kind of different and it's like a bay almost but they've just run it. They just built all the oil refineries all along the shore and the sidewalks in Corpus Christi kind of have a black on them because all that refinery stuff gets up into the air and then it comes back down and in the summer you see it but not so much in the winter, but the oil that goes up in the air kind of comes back down and it just kind of like, even on the ocean, it's kind of a murky brownish because it's there's a slick on it, you know? And that's so when there's rules, I always tell my husband we want to buy California, vegetables in California, this because there's more rules, you know, just in other states, they're just not there, like I'm gonna make money, you know?
Well,
they weren't. Yeah, they really didn't. And in Corpus Christi it's kind of like, you know how along some beaches there's kind of like grass, that kind of grass, that kind of gross, kind of high, a little bit like it's I don't know what it's called, but anyway, it it could have been beautiful, but they just, they won't get all up into the bays, there's oil refineries, they just, yeah, yeah. You're not gonna believe this. I started looking into it and um as you come out of the airport, that's where all the oil refineries are and their houses, you know, out by where the oil refineries are. And then I can't remember the exact exact statistics, but the number of Children born with birth defects and cancer and it's just crazy, you know, the checks as well. So they do nothing about it. They're not going to go against the big oil club. Yeah.
So anything for you live in California?
really?
I get more than that.
You want
to be
like,
so are they bringing oil in long beach to or is it do they have oil refineries or what are those riggs doing there or is it they get the oil out of the ocean or what are
they
doing?
No?
I'm
an island, people won't feel so bad.
I know, I wanted to feed the oil rings. Yeah.
Oh my goodness, I don't want
that's
crazy. Yeah.
Yeah.
Mhm. Report there in Long Beach there is, isn't
there?
They get the big shoot like from with all the goods and stuff, Is that what they're doing? Just like merchandise? I don't know. Yeah.
Anyway, I think that's why don't you trust me,
No,
that's
right. More truth doesn't seem like complaining, it's just true. Yeah. What
it is, yeah,
I've been trying to do, I have been well I've been trying to crochet and I can't,
I
think
shay
but me, I can't
promise that
it is hard. Like you see people everywhere approaching.
No, it doesn't work properly. Um What else? We've we've always kind of garden, we don't garden fruits and vegetables because we've tried multiple times and it's just too hard in texas. But so my husband does a lot of things in the yard that, you know, roses.
Uh huh lantana is, we've got that. But yeah, we just live in the suburbs. So there's not a big whole lot of place to grow anything.
Yeah. Well, when there's a lot of bugs here, tons of bugs and we have fire ants. And so they like to get on all the fruits and vegetables. Do you have fire ants there now? No.
Yeah, so the bugs are really, really, really bad. And so people like our neighbor next door, he um he'll make a little like, you know, he kind of not container gunboat, which probably will be
the
big
yes, like a big square, you know, out of block. And like, and even way back when when my husband's family used to live down there often and they had some landing. So they always card, they would be like, oh, we just throw seven dust on it, like okay, they throw seven dust on the twitter. So by the time you grow the tomatoes and when you throw all, they would just douse them in seven dust, which, you know, it's a chemical, it's poison
I
seven
S&B.
Yeah, so a lot of chemicals if they garden here, if this is not no, because it's just disgusting. So we don't use the chemicals to kill the ants. Usually the bugs will get it. So we've tried to pardon organically, you know, and do all the things where you you know, this was years ago, but I read all about how you mix the different plants and you can put them here and this there and and if it works for me, so
they're still
And but anyway, so luckily for us, we have a whole foods down the street and the trader joe's across from there so we can get through there.
It makes it healthier than putting seven dust all over the tomatoes. And yeah,
for purpose of growing your own food,
you know?
So
it's
pesticide and it's a powder form. I think it also comes in a spray, but it's very popular in texas and people put it all over their fruits and vegetables when they grow and it will keep a lot of the bugs away. But I mean you have to do it multiple times and
you know, it's disgusting. Yeah.
I really do. And there's many more standards in place in California. Just even just for what can be used like the chemicals that can be used. A lot of our rice, like the lundberg rice, you know from up in alright lundberg organic rice is from up around sacramento I think where they grow a lot of us or whatever. But I was reading about a study where a lot of rice has arsenic in it and there's has less because of the braves handle them too. So yeah, you're very lucky to
live in Canada.
Oh that's a great
don't look fine.
Ooh.
Oh it's like straight up bring me. Yeah.
People from the home and they're yours looking to people sharing for dinner?
What? I'm getting a lot of tomatoes.
Quite a few,
Come
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
exactly. Now it's like be making your posture whatever and then you just walk outside and pick some of your basil. That's a very good
feeling,
Yeah, baking bread. Well I have a bread machine, I used to break it to him and now I have a bread machine, so we bake bread like every other day. Only two days.
Yeah, but in the bread I don't do it a lot easier. But
we make a week and we make I have an italian bread recipe for the for the bread machine, so it's very easy. It's crazy easy. I mean it tastes much better, I think if you do it by hand, do it yourself, but this way just kind of dump it in the machine gun and there's no mess
and
So yeah, have you been drinking?
Oh my God. Years like we have a so Jaresko, I think it was called the Jaresko red Maker. Really good one. And we've probably had it five years, mom. It's years long time is what
uh Jaresko is. Z. O. J. Z O. J. I have to spell it for your hand. Okay, Because the last time we also have a rice maker by them and I couldn't live without the rice maker. A few things that if they broke, I would go back and buy it again. Z. O. J. I. R. U. S. H. I. Rice cooker or Z. O. J. I. R. U. S. H. I bread
machine. You will never regret like that. Yeah. Yeah.
Oh, that's good.
Yeah.
Yeah we're very convenient. It's bread makers are very convenient. Good. You got one so we're rice cookers. Yeah.
What?
Oh I've heard of those. I've been thinking of getting one you like like it's a ninja but what is it the air
and
control? What is
it
anyone? Okay.
My goodness. I'm not going to have to watch for the Q. V. C. If they have like nine people
you know?
Well that's not bad if it does
all of
that.
Do it all does it have different opinions you have to put in it or does it just all?
huh
maybe that we are present first.
Well certainly it's so much fun talking to you tonight. Thank you
being so nice. Barbara I guess.
Very wonderful.
I'm not sure what we're supposed to do.
I think you go to the browser tab in the browser on the other one. I think there's a next button. Maybe that's what you do.
We're supposed to like somehow log that we did this call somehow or maybe they are automatically know I don't know
nothing.
Don't close it. Um
I think you just get off.
Thank
you
on the other tap. Yeah.
No did
you? Oh
well our I don't know we'll have to tell you I did. You're so nice and you made my night speaking with you so thank you for that. It is. What
do you do?
All
of that?
It is yes
thank
you.
Press on the
tablets is not okay.
All right we'll
go
by.
Why
I just have to x out of this.
I have a good warm.