Yeah, Mhm, Mhm, Mhm. Uh huh Okay. Mhm.
Uh your love, But I don't know if that's because me or not.
Yeah, there you go. You're good.
good, good. How are you?
Yeah, What are you doing?
hmm.
Product.
Mhm It's annoying. Yeah. Well where do you live?
you know, not that far away from me, I live in New Jersey. Yeah,
yeah.
try not,
that's
enough,
but well, new
york huge, everybody thinks about new york city, they don't realize how big new york is.
Yeah, absolutely. Well because I live literally about 20 minutes away from Orange County, so that whole region and I've been up to like Watertown area, then I go, that's, I mean it's more north, but that's over new york. I haven't been in west new york, like, like what Anita set of west Town
seven. So you have
when
I do,
when I
traveling
west,
like
And studio home
Ohio
I
better
traveling.
my
mhm. Well as
I was going
to say, is that what you're closer to is like Ohio and all that.
Why?
really? Now how how long would it take you to get to new york city,
that's easy
in six hours.
B I couldn't, I'd be somewhere, I'd be somewhere up in Canada or Maine. Oh yeah,
but
I from um
you
just
loud uh did you ever, do you ever go up there now? Cause
president
like
that,
so
all
the other
stuff from,
but
I
haven't. God.
no, Oh
again
that's
closer,
so how far away were you from Toronto?
You know,
I mean if you're, I mean there, I mean new york, I mean this doesn't new york border Great Lake, you know, Mm
hmm.
it's
well
35.
But
Well, it's just insane because like my, most of my entire like new york Experience is New York City because it's like 45 minutes away from my house. So you know when I think like, you know, like your your version of new york's like fucking Ohio mm like it's crazy.
I am.
Can
you
do
points?
So
Right. Yeah, because here I've been Syracuse have been to Albany, but those are all those are all like literally north of me, so
Now, how long have you been doing this stuff with a prolific. Bye.
Well,
Right, that's right. Around the same time I started in like february. I don't even, I don't even know where I thought and uh I signed up for it. And then uh this is my sixth time doing this talk thing. Yeah.
All
right. That's good noted everybody show up for your for now.
Call me up.
actually.
Or
that.
I think.
I
What about
actually I've had My six time. I've had I've not shown up once really? I guess there's much seven time, but I've I've not shown up once. I've had one person not show up on me that everybody else has. I've actually had pretty good luck. The one time I didn't completely forgot when I signed up for it. And I, you know, I checked my email and I saw like, oh, we've got a message from prolific and then I called, what the hell is this when I logged in like, oh by the way back me up now and it was like 11 o'clock at night and oh my God, well I miss that. Yes.
but they at least let you like redo it a bunch of times like, you know what I mean? Like it's not like it's gone forever. You can, this is my second time this week of that. So
literally,
yesterday I did mind wonder. All right, not my uh sunday, sorry. Then they said, oh you can do it like seven times or six times or whatever. I'm like alright, flint through it.
well absolutely. You would do any other survey things are now
I
do answer.
really? How's that? I signed up, I signed up for it, but then I was looking at everything and I was just like, it's not worth it. The pennies for the time
is
like
it
has a
better current. Um
No, I have an iphone.
Now
how much you make generally doing? Like, like what you're like, I don't even know how I feel like I said I signed up for it and it seems like like my thing I looked at it was like doing much of the stupid capture things And I'm like, I'm not clicking like, you know, three palm trees like three million times and like it's not worth it.
most.
So I don't know that.
No.
Do
they, do they get a bad approval rating just because like they their their stuff sucks or because they don't like payout? They just reject everybody.
It's not terrible.
But you probably make up for it in volume.
We're like
prolific. I mean, I don't, I think I've done like three prolific surveys today Or like, you know, two bucks
again
like six minutes of my time, but they're few and far between.
So,
so essentially the more I guess really you could say the more experience you gain doing them turning, it opens up higher paying tasks.
Anything
else that,
Thanks.
Like, well, like you do how much money? Like, you know, you typically pull off that in a week.
It's
pretty decent.
That's
pretty good
because I mean really? I mean I think the most, I mean again, you know how prolific works? You can be sitting on something for, you know, a week until they pay you. But I think the most I've ever made maybe 10 bucks, Like, you know, not straight out of something. Like you know how this one pays 15 Like doing like $1 ones, you know 50 cent ones and everything like that? Well heaven. Uh I don't even know how you call now a widget thing on my laptop that tells me when a new survey pops up ahead of me randomly hitting it up on my my phone.
it's
fun.
Yeah. That's what I do in, I just go in there, I hit refresh and you know look at because I've noticed it never, you know how they say it shows up by itself? I've never actually seen it like you know, I'll have it open. I've never seen it actually just like reloading like oh here's a survey. I've always had like open it up, refresh it. Something pops up and I'm like oh my god, there I go. That I do I do survey junkies, but they're low paying too. I mean they do have, the problem with them is like they'll have stuff that like a it's like a dollar dollar 50 but it takes like 45 minutes on some of them. I'm just the time for the money, it's not there that But when you do have ones that are like a dollar or something for like 15 minutes. they don't pre screen you like prolific. They actually screen you when you're taking the survey. So if you don't answer the questions the way I guess they're looking for it, Then you can put in 30 minutes and they kick you out and you get like three cents.
Mhm. And it's so fucking frustrated because when you're like you're like 15 minutes into this thing, you're like okay I'm on I'm almost done. Then they get like the demographics, you fill it out and they're like okay you don't qualify. And I'm like I just did all that fucking work and you're gonna tell me now.
Yeah, absolutely. They are. So
I mean, well I mean I've been doing with that one. I've done it probably for, I don't know, two months and I made like 50 bucks being super. No, I mean for for what it is, it's not that bad. But for like prolific. I've been doing it again for about seven months and I made like over 1000 bucks doing it. So
well
that's that's exactly what I told the surveymonkey thing because I got sick of it because it happened to me like three times in a row. Like this is such bullshit. And so I was like, you know, you guys have to like, you know, not that it's worth anything. It just made me feel better. But I I messaged your customer tour. I'm like, you guys got to be more like prolific. You got to set it up where like you pre screen the shit. So the study is just show up the people that are going to get it.
huh. Right? I'm like, I'm like, I'm like think of all those people out there like taking wasting it that you're losing because they're like, well, I can never get survey because getting knocked out of everything
big
enough.
And that's why I like because like you nailed it on the head, right there. Is there the market research is where this is actually, you know, Like nine times out of 10. It's like a university doing something.
I mean, I don't know like that's the one time trying to figure out like what like the people that are doing this. What are they, could they possibly be using this?
I thought I actually, I thought I had a completely figured out until you popped up because every single other conversation I had was with a woman. So I had, I assumed I was going to have a trick show up again and I'm like, okay, they obviously have something going on where they make a man and a woman talk in order to see, I guess how they interact on, you know, For 25 minutes and then you pop up and like, fuck this guy's got a beard like me. I'm like, there goes that theory.
First
person.
Like I do, I agree with you. I do notice that a lot of the people on like, you know, just cause like I hit up like Reddit just to look up survey site like they have, you know that beer money subreddit and everything like that? And most of the people do comment their women and I was like, I just thought that was I wouldn't expect women to be doing this stuff.
It
seems to be a majority though.
No.
Well,
Do you think that's just a way to get fresh people in?
How
like
that
that's
a that's a bullshit right there.
Now what were what were the reasons for banning?
Lost.
So it's a complete bullshit uh completely
it's
completely
arbitrary thing that
I
or you
want.
So,
Well
I feel
like I read something like like people in peril if you're like, you know, you can get banned from like, you know, if you have too many rejected things, you have to have it above 90%. Now I've clicked on things where like because I was I was I was not like a laptop, it takes me off. Like
it doesn't because but I just returned the hit so it doesn't count against my thing. I've never actually had any study actually like sent back to me is no, we're not paying you for whatever reason.
Some cartel
Canada's.
Well.
Well and that's the and the thing is to like a lot of times like, you know, you'll see it where it shows up as it has a little monitor thing for a pc only, but you can still use it on your phone.
I
think
I have.
yeah,
I don't think it does as long as it works because I have had stuff like I had a thing where it was it was like a little game where it opened up like a it almost like it was like a I'm dating myself like an AOL instant messenger thing, pop the hand side and you and other four or five people that were with, you had to decide what stuff you were taking on like a trip to MArs or something like that and you each had a turn and you all of you had to come to an agreement on what you were taking. Obviously we're looking on how like interpersonal reactions where you were talking to each other saying like well you need to take water and they take oxygen. Why are you taking a raft? There's no fucking water on mars, your stupid stuff like that.
So the I I think that stuff's worth the time to actually do it, but you know
it's
fun like you're saying like you actually feel like you're contributing something like you're somebody that's gonna sit down look at how we're all talking interacting and like you know obviously you know you got a group of four or five people don't know anybody for shit and they got to work together like you know you know something's gonna be asking me like no that's not what I'm gonna do now. You're all you're screwed. Everybody gets along well
I'm
sorry
all
that stuff.
What?
Thank you
best. Yeah
but
Well
right like your shit is like that's what Like have you ever had the ones where they said like Okay you're going to get mashed up with somebody and you know they're going to get scored compared to you and okay you got a 65, they got like a 92. How does that make you feel? And then at the end of through like by the way, it's all bullshit. We just made it up resource. I'm like, I know it is because it was something like typing like, like, you know, it would be like, you know, um like five random letters and you had to make as many words out of them as you could. And other people I was against. I'm like, they're doing like this thing in like seconds. I'm like, there is no way that could actually be real. I'm like, I can get like four good words before I have to actually stare at it like all right. I went to college and what dumb and they're just like whipping them through. And um and then at the end of their like, okay, there was nobody else. It's all just to see how you felt. Well, I'm like, I'm like, yeah, I do better with your timing on that
as a government
other types.
I think we're uh I mean my my windows is 28 minutes, so
I think that that's 15 bucks, man.
Good conversation, appreciate it.
No.
Look, look back into that mturk thing. Just like I said, I was when I see him like, like a penny to two cents, I was like uh
party.
I
think.
But
yeah, I didn't know about that. So I got a look into that. Maybe we'll get there go. I mean, I never used it so I don't know if they kick you out if you don't use it after. How does it work with paying you out? Let's just get paid in your amazon account.
No, it's not bad.
Uh huh. All right. I'll give it a shot. I'll look. I'll look and see if they have like an app or something like that on the iphone, yep.
You too take care, have a good night,