Hi can you hear me? Okay.
Okay I'll try to talk just a little bit louder here.
All right perfect. So our I'm sorry how are you today sir?
Pretty good pretty good. Just dealing with some tedious um work all day today. Uh
That's a I I've been working on um
text dated stuff trying to get in order so that when it comes time to actually file
them once.
I live in western new york Rochester new york.
Yeah
I've only been in maybe one. Um Was it right near new york city? Their Jersey city is that what it's called? Yeah. Yeah yeah. Um But that
that's a
good
six hours from but
but
yeah I know that's the thing we were actually um you know we we have uh mountainous areas. We have very rural areas. You know I'd actually say that's most of new york.
I believe so.
mom that's the thing
when I do
when I
traveling
it's usually
west like
ear epa too,
you know um
Ohio that bavaria I
gotta traveling
for.
Very rarely do I go
east or two?
I'm
sets
actually. Yeah. Yeah. I'm honestly, I'm cleared to like
at Akron Ohio and 24 hours from there.
that's uh be a solid six hours. Yeah.
Yeah. It's um
I know that.
Well you know, I mean where I'm
from
I'm probably less
through
our
We visited
uh young family stuff like
that,
so
balls, you
know, there's
some stuff
But
I I
haven't
you're new york. He's murano.
huh. Again
that's
closer
eric city.
Um I was younger than, but if I had guessed um Um maybe three a shower and Well, I mean, I mean that's the thing, if you look at it as the crow flies, I mean I'm so much closer to lot of those um I guess you'd call them southern Canadian areas as opposed
to
yeah,
Lake Ontario. Um
that's pretty much this um from where I'm from, I actually uh Back when I lived um
literally five
minutes where I live now, dog
lake and back um a few times, so.
well that's the thing, I mean I have more
in common with them um and and just I have the type of work I do,
we do
the
crab regional lines
are drawn like you know southern
tier of new york to as I said before Akron Ohio too, maybe a small stretch of pennsylvania, but that's what we have in common, it's a whole other area. Like if you're covering maybe the people that live in like Syracuse Syracuse, they draw those regional lines, so like you know, New Jersey in your area more.
Right. Yes, so I guess yes, makes sense that that's more how it's thought of. Um yeah, it makes more sense to thing, but an actual state lines kind of funny but mhm,
have been yet for
little, I think since january ish um
This is my 4th
I believe.
Well I had, I had one person show me up.
I waited forever actually.
I think I'm so one time I was showing up, you did the whole half hour, then I
still
sits there. Um And then another time I would like five And I was stood up but
I don't think they count. So I read complete one and I buy
and I actually got it once for someone else. So what goes around comes around,
what about you? Have people shown?
See it happens,
Yeah, I just did it literally
yesterday.
Yeah. As well, it's one of the better paying ones. Um
Yeah, I do, I
do mturk
as well,
so mturk is
like a
game, learn how to, it
has a bit
learning
If the trouble with it is a lot of people use like programs to try to catch all the high paying hits, like anyone doing it manually could ever click on them. So there's a lot of people kind of gaming it and um but one thing I found that helped if you ever wanted to get back into it is there is a app called android, do you have if you have an android smartphone?
Okay. Um Well I had imagined have an iphone equivalent but they have certain app that help you kind of find the higher paying ones. Um Maybe not completely also accept the high paying ones. You know using some of the complicated software other people use but just to kind of give you a little bit of a uh you know, so you're not totally stuck with one penny ones and the zero. Um And the other thing is You'll notice with prolific, you don't really have a lot of problems with researchers rejecting you. I mean I've had one rejection my whole time out of I've had like 500 completed submissions and one rejection and I was able to get it overturned
an empty.
I know. I
God I I absolutely hate those things. Um That's the thing. Um So so the thing with them, Turkey is you've got to use some sort of software to help you get the better paying hits. And and you also have to pay attention to the approval ratings of the requesters because you'll have them.
Yeah, they literally have like a 50% approval rating and all that other crap. Whereas I use an app that tells me I won't do any hits unless they have an approval rating of like 98 or higher because I don't want to waste my time. But yeah, I
get what
you're saying
because they don't pay out. Um Yeah, it's usually nine times out of time. The low approval rating says more about the requester than the participants. But but yeah, you'll, so I'll basically search and I only do the services. I'll skip all those nonsense, you know, chat with about all this other crap, you know, inscribe items on a receipt, you know what I mean? I'll skip those ones And usually I'm able to find like ones that are $2 for 15 minutes. Um
Yeah, I mean a dollar for it is lower paying them prolific though i in most cases in it
you do, you do
because
yeah, it can
be hitter.
Yeah. The other thing is is um, can what, what was I gonna say? Um Oh as you do more hits, you get access to more surveys. So because requesters will set parameters like they won't accept anyone that has under 500 submissions or in that. So that's one threshold once you get to 1000, that's another threshold. And so I think prolific operates on a similar system. If I had to guess, I don't know as much about how
proud.
Absolutely. Absolutely. And use different ways of finding
those hit
them before other people. And there's a
lot more it's for, I guess it sounds silly, but for big league, you know, survey takers, you know, people that some people actually make a living off enter. Mm. Yeah. I mean it's not the norm by any stretch, but there is a percentage of people, the highest performers. They can actually make a living off. Yeah.
Oh, I don't. Okay, so, so here's the thing, I I have one full time job and one part time job and I do prolific turk and I do a bunch of stuff on the side. So it's I I'm happy if I can earn $5 a day, I'm happy because I'm already doing stuff
all day.
Yeah. So it's um but my God, the other day I so I worked a full day and I was able to pull in. I think it was my record like $20. Yeah.
And
yeah, I mean that's not the norm. You know what I mean? I'm not you know, but it's possible especially once you get more time under your belt, more hits under your belt.
Yeah. I I um so my my girlfriend she also does prolific and she's used that a lot. It helps her but I used to have one on my phone. It never worked right. It would have tried to tell me when there was a survey and it would never come up. So um I just checked
me
men. I don't know.
Oh my god. See
Oh yeah they're still taking your data. That that's that's that you know they're still using it so.
believe me I I have my screwed around with those types. I can't do them anymore. Um prolific.
Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah prolific is the best day pay you. Very fair. Um That's they should set the standard for all the other websites out there. I mean there should
be
absolutely it's common.
Well the reason why they won't do it is because even if they kick you out a couple of minutes in your, they're still getting some type of data from you for free. So they're not,
they're
not, it's the market researching sites that do that. It's not the ones that have actual researchers like prolific. Does you know what I mean?
And hey, it makes me feel it honestly is a win win because you're getting paid better but also you're contributing to scientific knowledge. I mean, hey, you can't beat
uh this one here. I don't know how.
mm. Well you know I I first person
I
had expected all the women, I figured that was the demographic most using this site. But the last three including you have been men. So I I expected all women though, but hey.
Yeah. I wouldn't have thought of that
off the but yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Um another thing I want to mention is we're talking about all these sites is um, have you heard of quick thoughts?
Okay. That's an interesting one because to me for a while that was the most lucrative one. I but the problem is is they're very, very band happy. Um, so they'll pay
a doubt every survey. Some are literally five summer three minutes. And actually depending on your demographics when you sign up, some people get paid to every survey and yeah, they are very lucrative. But but the problem is I think part of how they pay so well is they do ban people very, very randomly. And you'll see a lot of complaints of people saying I was banned for no reason. They gave a vague reason. I I was banned three times complained every time before I finally gave up and moved on. But
Yeah. I think that's probably part
of their their game. Yeah, I do. And I think it's just it's also they know some percentage of people they pay because you can't cash out till 10 bucks. They know some percentage of people are gonna
get
banned eight bucks at six bucks and they're not
going to have to pay.
I guess. Yeah. I guess
it's honestly it's it's the same the reason they gave everybody has to
do with the consistency of your replies across different surveys. The value of responses, the quality.
It is
it
is
absolutely. That's why I said I have not
had a single on a prolific or I'm
thousands.
Somehow. I can keep myself on
that quick thoughts for longer than a couple
of weeks
with.
Well,
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Return
count against
you. And they can't because there's too many situations where someone may
may want to return a survey or what about every time you read the pre information like the the intro into the study, they say, oh if this doesn't make you feel comfortable, you can withdraw anytime. So they right. So they can't vote against you. If you return a survey, it's you don't you don't have to worry about about.
I've I've heard that's
the
case. Um I
for acknowledged doing that. But you know what I'm saying? Yeah. I
mean, I don't know how much that matters or doesn't matter.
Yeah. Yeah. I'll be like that. But you had to, part of the study was you had input from someone that was considered your superior. He wanted to take one set of items and and you apparently wanted to take another and you had to somehow reconcile at. And I guess the point of the study was would you listen to someone just because they're above you or would you do what you thought was right. But it was the same idea. You pick something that would maximize your chance of survival. But
that
was fast.
yeah. I've got
insulted
with some of those
studies.
I remember there was one you
had to
actually
like think of a type some product
I think for some product and you gave your suggestion. Everyone gave feedback and everyone hated everyone's suggestion. And I felt like it was like a circular thing because once someone said my suggestion was bullshit. Well now I'm
bitter. I say there, you know what?
Right. Yeah. I've seen somewhere
there green and other times
were too quick to be true. Um Are we already at the 20?
All
Yeah. Flew by.
Yeah man. You you have
a good day.
There's ways absorbing. Like
I said, involved with
some
of the companies. Just ones that help you support for
the better paying one reef.
Yeah. You can you can get paid every three day, seven days and you get the gift card or directly. No.
Lester and everything. But Yeah.
of luck.
You do see