Two All right, get this. Mhm.
Okay. Yeah.
Mhm. Okay, I'm gonna do it here. What's your name?
I'm well, yeah. Okay. Do you know what we're supposed to be doing?
Okay. I know there's like a there's something about a list of questions somewhere.
Yeah. Yeah, let me check it real quick. Uh huh.
Yeah. Okay.
Okay, I don't really see a
list of question.
Yeah. So are you from,
currently
living in charleston, south Carolina.
we're not so much, don't worry. It's just that
it's gotten bad a lot recently.
South Carolina just like eclipsed 32,000, like a couple days ago. Like we it was like in the beginning we weren't as bad as like new york, New Jersey or like California, but
like because we're like a Southern or deep South State now, we're just kind of people are just gonna do whatever they want.
Well, I mean we got like we got significantly less population than we don't.
Yeah, a good question and I'm in college for Electrical engineering
and political science. It's, I mean right now I've just kind of been doing absolutely nothing,
but nonetheless,
I don't know, two or three months of my life, it's kind of like staying alive,
The struggle.
me too.
I mean
I have to take one, I have to take one class because my scholarship through my school, I have to take like 30 credit hours a year and I dropped I dropped the class Last semester which put me at like 28 credit hours for the year, so I have to take like 11 class to keep it. I'm like, I mean I have literally nothing else to do. It started like two days ago and already have an exam like monday.
Yeah, it's like uh It's like June 24 through like August three. So it's just like, I think like five or six weeks. Yeah,
I was like I was just doing some homework before I jumped online. I was like, well I have nothing else to literally like I've been sent home all day. Yeah. What?
I feel like my mental state, not like my like
my mental state of like being interesting, just kind of like diminished, like the last like
I'm just.
what games do you play?
Yeah, but I never really got into computer game.
Uh Currently right now I just kind of sit at home and smoke. But like Yeah.
No.
I just lonely.
it's confidential. Yeah. They
don't even all along.
Uh
Mhm. Yeah. But really The only games are actually, I play two NBA 2K. With my brother sometimes. But mainly I like I play like smash and like animal crossing.
My
joy cons 20 busted. So like I just have to like I haven't like sent him back to Nintendo yet.
Yeah like the like the delay.
Yeah what has a need to invest in like a pro controller. But alas yeah.
if
hank I remember one time I was in like you know those like custom controls, you can order online for like 400. You can like all spectacle and I'm like I was like I know the design I made was so lame but sixth grade me probably thought it was the coolest thing of all time. It was probably, I probably had like the lights up like the, like all the buttons on the back, like the light triggers. Like I could have gone pro if I would have got that interest. Mhm
There
what's your favorite ice cream flavor? Yeah.
I
can make fun of her liking men a lot.
I think it's because like they don't consider it like toothpaste and like, no, it's just
mint.
Yeah, I know
like exactly.
Job
I like chocolate
like that, you know, like solid chocolate ice cream. I couldn't I don't really like to eat that much because it's just like,
it's just so much chocolate flavor for like a lot.
I do I do bust it open for some dark chocolate. Yeah. Yeah.
Okay,
Like two or three years ago, me and my friends, it was like a sponsored trip, but like we took like a train all the way to like Canada and we like went on like a camping slash canoeing trip in Canada for like eight days,
which is not a fault.
Uh Boy Scouts
it was all right. I mean like you can do it like 121 mi and like five days.
in my palm.
We did like a lot of training, but also like a lot of it was motivated by spite because like our instructor or like are we had to get like a guide or something like that? And the guy was kind of annoying. And so I'm just like I'm just gonna paddle as hard as I can just to explain just to like prove that I can go far. Yeah.
What
about you?
I asked me
Think
about
itself. My parents like to take a bunch of cruises. Like they don't bring me a lot, but like they just, they just take cruises all the time. Like they like the chief like carnival ones, I mean cheap but like mm All right.
Oh no. Oh I just don't like the public gatherings at the moment, like I'm just like, yeah,
just kind of chilling home and just do my thing. Mhm
The question doesn't pretty much if the question feels like you would ask like freshman orientation, then that's where I got the ice cream one from. That's just like just like the one that they always use. Yeah,
mm there's just so many
I can think of three that come into my head really fast
one. I was like a kid and like when I went to a Catholic school for like a bit and we had to get like a gym uniform and so for tennis shoes, I had really big feet as a kid. So do you know what Aaron monarchs are?
Okay. Well when you think of like dad shoes, actually, you know what a six R.
Okay, basically there's there's shoes that like my dad wear because he's like a pharmacist because they heard they're just ugly shoes. I used to get buzz cuts but also walked in my catholic school education. I as you can tell my hair is a lot longer than that now. And
it's like usually it's not as long as it is, I usually get it trimmed but like I do keep it really long.
And then my freshman through sophomore year of high school, I wore pretty much exclusively Hollister clothes. Yeah.
But I was like the only kid at my high school whoever wore them. And they were like the cool ones. It was like the big logo ones and like the sweat shorts.
What
like that
was more like a dark purple.
Actually, dark cripple wouldn't look bad. Yeah.
Oh,
I don't really consider myself that much of like a fashion. I mean fashion dude.
Yeah. Like like I don't want to be like basic white dude, like Kathy shorts and like random
t shirt. That's just what I gotta do sometimes to get by this. Mhm. Uh What kind of music do you listen to?
Yeah.
A quick dazzling hip hop. I
feel
I'm the same way. Except we're It's more equal. It's probably like 60% hip hop, 40% hop.
I've been listening to a lot of Colombia recently because I've been really bored.
But it's uh actually no, just kidding. I've gotten really, really into Ariana grande the last couple of days.
Thank
you.
Yeah. Yeah, I'm gonna go on the stand
but I
haven't. Seven rings Like the break up of the different board. I like that one too. They're like the basic one. It's not like the, like the hits. Yeah, I could tell you're slight just be like, okay. Yeah, this guy.
Yeah, hurl.
We're talking
like taylor or like
like hip hop.
Underwood
early
to
You're talking about that one. Carrie Underwood's mm
wow, that's how I knew my ex girlfriend's screech. Like I was like driving her back to her house and she just like it came up on the radio. She just knew all the words. And then like six months later she threatened to tase me. So
Yeah, I should have paid more attention. Uh was lasting, I don't know. What food do you like to eat?
you
can work a vegetarian at the start up, pretty much the start of quarantine just to like,
so
It's still pretty good. Like I haven't like, I've lost like 10 lbs, I think. Pretty
solid.
No,
uh it was like, well I did it for like ethical reasons, but I said I couldn't care about the environment without like giving up meat. It was a weird like there are some game I played in my head were like, I can't be an environmentalist if I like me. So I gave it up, so now it was like a happy side effect.
Uh charleston's like, it's like pseudo liberal, kind of, it's like big, it's like city liberal, but like very still very southern heritage like Yeah, nothing.
It is, it is, it is a lot of fun being liberal and uh Right, stay this.
No.
well for California, do you live in like?
yep. I was thinking like uh actually I don't know much about California paul, I just know L. A. Is very blue and then like the north
northern
California was like red though, right?
like uh I try I have no idea.
Yeah, I feel like it's fair for like a lot of states, just all the coach was like pretty liberal, that's what yeah, that's like charleston is pretty, I mean not like very blue but like blue compared to the rest of south Carolina.
I don't want a lot of tv. The old tv I watch is like impractical jokers for like I watched Bojack Horse, I watched Bojack Horseman on netflix.
the first seasons, first of all places are not great but like I did cry myself to sleep at three in the morning at the end of the season six. So yeah
it
is, it's a first episode is not like the rest of the show.
At least make it feel like at least make it to the episode three or 4.
200. i. q. Yes,
thank you. Okay.
I
I drink coffee only when I need a boost. I don't I'm actually just drink water like
like I don't even drink like soda that the only soda I drink is like Baja blast at Taco Bell, that's the only one sometimes
talk about like the vegetarian like pretty
bad.
So
it's like the only fast food I really eat. So I probably recent my parents have been out of town so I just kind of doing my own thing. so I want to talk about like two days in a row. Usually I go like maybe once a week. Once every two weeks. Yeah,
I get the number four, the crunch wrap supreme with no ground beef, you replace it with black beans that comes with a taco, you also replace that of black beans and I get the soft potato taco too, which is pretty good. Thank you. Yeah.
Not a beacon found.
cheese. I literally just beating like tortilla, lettuce beans and like sour, no, not even, not even sour cream, that's why wouldn't you can be worth it.
much the only thing I can eat anything that's not me. Yeah.
Fish. If I eat fish, I would be like a pesky Terrien, so I just like, I'm still considering if I would have let fish into my life, but I don't know what Yeah.
Mhm. I haven't fully made that judgment, depending on how much work.
You're trying to interact with like, social growth is just like Yeah.
And
Yeah, no, I do not. Exactly.
I have, I'm going through like a weird, like, I know idealistic li I would want a bird, but realistically it's not, it wouldn't be a good fit.
Yeah, I'm really allergic to cats, so like, that's a no go. You know, I also do want a cat, but like, it's bad, like face swells up, like I need to go outside
car.
Time will tell. Do you have any hobbies like,
like are like extracurriculars
there? I'm rocking my clumps in debate. Yeah.
I did like one year in high school and I was like, I might as well do this in college, I have nothing else to do now. I do it.
It's pretty competitive. I mean like I I'm not good so like I have fun but also go to tournaments and stuff like that. Like I went to like three this last semester. I want to like D. C. I went to Nashville and I went to like some
place in Georgia mm
I almost went to Seattle but like they canceled Seattle tournament.
So
it was like when it was like when Corona first hit and they were like Seattle is so bad right now.
and then like the cancel the tournament over my spring break and I was like well.
It
makes me uh what radicalized me so like more like debate. It's maybe more like like I'm more like a worldview. Pretty much like some stuff. I just had like no idea, no concept of that, but not that I actually like think about it a lot more uh what else, it's maybe like understand how to argue a lot. So now instead of like I just make some dumb are like now I know how to like talk to people, like convince people.
Yeah. Mhm. Yeah and like I mean I get to have intelligent conversations with like other people which is usually
pretty
small.
Uh Well I wouldn't say I'm super intelligent.
Uh I'm on a wiffle ball team too,
it's like baseball but for like it's like all plastic bats and balls and stuff like that so
so
uh that's for fun, I mean there's the league but like I don't really care so much, I couldn't go out there and play football but. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
definitely 100% a night person.
Yeah. Yeah, pretty much
lately.
My worst. I was up till I've been up at 5:00 AM on multiple occasions.
Yeah, usually, okay, it's gotten a lot better. I like it for there was like for probably two weeks I was up to like three or four every night, just like doing nothing, just like laying in bed like on my phone or like listening to music or doing something like that because I just couldn't sleep. Banal IQ. I haven't gone to bed around like one or two. I mean it's still bad, you know, I'm trying to get back on the swing of things. Yeah.
What would you like? 25 minutes?
well glad to meet you. Uh
This
is
fine.
uh See you
never again