Hi.
Good, how are you, carol.
nice to meet you. I'm healthy.
Go have you?
I said yeah I have done one a couple weeks ago, have you?
Oh no that's
oh not too bad. Uh Recently got a new puppy so it's keeping
me busy.
A doctor and mix.
Uh He is Rory. Yeah.
Uh I don't know. I was just looking through a list of baby names and it popped
out.
yeah.
Uh I spent most of my time reading. I read a lot of books.
Welcome.
A lot of sci fi and fantasy,
some contemporary. Um I'm currently reading a book called Goldilocks by laura lamb.
Um It's so far it's about like uh there's these like five women that were supposed to go on the space mission to visit this new planet that could support human life but they kind of got pushed out um by
a current administration and so they steal a rocket ship and go anyway.
Yeah you got to do what you're gonna do so not very far but it's definitely interesting so far.
I have read the martian, I really enjoyed the martian. Um I have Artemus but I haven't read it yet.
What do you usually read?
I don't know.
That sounds fantastic. What's it called again?
Okay I'll have to look that up because that that sounds really good. I'm a big fan of the Dresden files. Have you read those?
It
sounds similar like sarcastic pop culture references and Yeah.
Okay that's that sounds really good.
I feel that
um I mean and I want to I want to but like I never have any friends to play with and like there's never really been a good opportunity since I have no idea what I'm doing but the overall concept and ideal really appeals to me but I've never never really been able to play
well.
that sounds great.
I never heard that. Yeah.
Yeah, I can hear you anyway.
you're a little bit more in this story.
let's
go
ahead.
Yeah. Keep me busy during quarantine. Yeah, so
that's awesome. I'll have to I'll definitely have to look that up. It's like I said it's something I wanted I wanted to do. Like I see like the dice around and I'm like they're so pretty. I want some but I don't know.
just like collector's items. Oh.
Mhm.
Mhm. Oh just about everything. Um I'm not a huge fan of like stupid comedies, like I enjoy comedy but stuff, it's like a little bit smarter. I mean I'm still like sci fi fantasy fan. So I grew up on like Star trek and the sci fi channel. So anything that was on there, you know everything from like the cheesy like scifi movies took the you know the more well done ones but
Oh I love Star Wars.
goodness. I mean the originals, I really like the originals uh and probably like the prequels the least. So I'm gonna group them by that. I'm very bad at picking favorites so I'm just gonna side step that and say the groupings by.
the new the new Disney ones. Yeah, I really enjoyed that. I really enjoyed the characters. I don't think I was as happy with how they wrapped it all up But I really like the force awakens one but um yeah, I thought
it was reminiscent of the originals but was still kind of fresh and so Yeah.
I didn't hate it. I didn't hate it. I just I don't know, they built up all this story about Ray being um just like a normal person and like anybody and then all of a sudden like, wait no that she has this like, you know, you know, well known parentage all of a sudden that I just kind of felt like, I don't know, I was a little bummed that they chose to go that route with
it and
put
it.
I did not appreciate that. Um So I didn't hate it. I just don't think. Okay, yeah, for a couple of reasons I didn't, I still, I love movies, I love those movies so it's like I can't hate anything. Just
a lot of people put a lot of time and effort into this like how how can you hate it? Like I don't Yeah.
Uh huh. Oh my gosh. I just saw the previous to that and was weirded out.
yeah, I'm sure that
was I've heard that it was an experience.
I ran with it a little further.
Sounds
Gosh,
it's okay.
I can imagine. I don't think, I mean just listening to you can't keep a straight face because
Yeah. That would have been my first thought. I wouldn't have thought about the Tax one, but how does the cat uh Tax of a
No.
Okay. I remember taylor Swift being in it, but
and of course they have to be like, hey, she's in it. There were a lot of big names about though, right?
Thanks
judi Dench. Yeah.
Thank you.
Did a five year old right? This like, this just sounds like craziness, but like a kid would come
like
Line
up.
You just bring up a list of cat.
No. Oh man.
I'll
google it right after this.
Unzipping of the skin is disturbing.
woman, I don't even know.
Okay. I feel like I heard about that scene like really upset people.
Stop. Yeah. Oh man. One of those, one of those movies that you might not be able to enjoy sober
hey?
Why
did you trust me?
However, was you my answer to?
I can see that being anything Rocky horror is Cassara.
Sometime
like the worst kind of pay it forward.
punished for. Yeah,
I'm
hopeful.
Yeah, that's me.
I don't think so
Uh Well it was entertaining for sure.
Even
if
I had no idea what was happening what
it
seems like the general consensus about that movie.
it's like I'm not sure what I learned but
you just you just proposed like a million more questions that were not answered by that.
Right. Uh huh. You're like yeah. Mhm.
I'm just I'm just trying to like imagine this and it's just it's just bizarre. It's like who who why where did it come from? Why did it get made
early miss?
I think so. Yeah.
Why not? That would be awesome if they did wicked. I
would
love
that.
I've only heard the music. I'd like to actually like see.
Right. You just
right. At least as a plot it's also wildly popular. Like why why isn't it a movie?
It's true. Some
prep.
No, not that I've I've seen the movie. I did not know there was a proud my show.
my
gosh.
one
was willing to look.
Oh my gosh.
That
does
sound more teeny.
No.
Okay. So there's nothing wrong with some dark humor.
Well
what am I listening to?
I might not go that far but
Oh yeah that's that's how it's done and not my entire life. That's on my phone. What's wrong? Well Well it looks like we're at 30 minutes.
It's
less. Thank
you for
that.
You're great. Um It was it was nice talking to you and
learning
all about the bizarre movie that was cat
Mission accomplished.
I definitely have to look those up because it sounded really good. And the uh druid, conical 100.
I'm gonna
have to
like about it because that also sounded really good.
Yeah.
Mommy.
Uh That, yeah, I'm going to be looking that up because that sounds amazing.
Sounds worth it.
No problem.
You too.