Okay here, just a minute earlier, so to make sure that my camera's working because peter is a little bit weird. Here's hoping I'm not some of the talk too soon.
Hello? How are you?
I'm doing well, thank you. Uh My name is A J. Nice to meet you.
Have you ever done one of these before? Yeah.
Sorry, you froze for a second. What was that?
Uh Yeah, a little bit before that I had one the other day and the person never showed up.
So how's your day been?
What
type of puppy?
Oh, that's adorable. What, what's there his name? Her name?
and named after anything in particular because I only know one Rory pop culture reference
for. That's
cute. I have two dogs, two labs. One of them were both right over here. Uh Yeah. Um
let's see. So what do you do for fun? What are your hobbies?
cool. What type
of books? What genre?
And
Have not heard of that 1? What's it about?
Oh.
As you do.
Uh I hope it's fun. Have you? I'm trying to think, I haven't read all that much sci fi. Um Have you read the martian or Artemus?
It's pretty good, it's not as good as The Motion. The Motion was like top tier, this one's Oh
let's see, I also read fantasy um but I haven't really found anything all that much that's appealed to me lately. Uh I read the Iron Druid Chronicles, which was a really fun series that I have to recommend. Everyone that does have cursing and adult themes, so but it's basically Percy Jackson for adults, it's about
living in a world where all the gods are real and he's a 1200 year old druid who's wildly paranoid and ends up like angering a god from the irish pantheon and then, and then the gods trying to kill him. And the whole thing is very sarcastic and he makes references like Princess Bride and Star Wars and it's a really strange book series that does not get enough Love
the Iron Druid Chronicles.
I have not, but our I've tried to read the first one, I couldn't get into it. My the person who recommended the Iron druid to me said that it's similar to the Dresden files,
so
He's a lot more uh sarcastic, he's a lot more uh just for lack of a better term whimsical than Dresden because dressed in at least from what I read, I read like the first six or seven chapters, He's very Nawar and kind of not edgy, but very, no subtle and it's the occasional biting sarcastic thing, but he's kind of broody. I don't mean that in a bad sense, that's just the character that I got from him. This is a lot more just bouncy and he is a talking dog and this is a lot sillier,
It's really fun. It's, I tried reading the name of the Wind series, But it's really well written, but I got like 300 pages in and then just kind of hit a roadblock was like, okay, I need to take a break and I haven't picked it up yet. Oh,
um as a fantasy fan, have you ever played or watched dungeons and Dragons?
It's really fun if,
if you want everyone to watch some, there's two different series that I suggest that differ wildly in tone and I don't want to say quality because they're both good, but one is far more professional, the one that got me into dungeons and dragons, which is great if, as you said, you have no idea how it all works is from a Youtube channel called Outside Xbox and they normally do video game reviews. But for their million subscribers, they decided to run a dungeons and Dragons game and none of them know how to play. So the guy is teaching and they actually have like on screen pop up, it's like you're going to make a deception check, deception, check.
And that one is a lot more casual with them. They were like, oh look at the dice and we roll this and then the other one, which is a little bit slower. But if you're into slow burn stories is so good, is called critical Role. I don't know if you've ever heard of It is
a bunch of voice at professional voice actors. That is, their actual like, job is to be voice actors and anime. And my screen's freezing. Can I still be heard?
my screen was going off. I see they're like professional voice actors and they all play dungeons and dragons and the D. M. Is absolutely amazing and they all do voices and everyone has a character so well in the first outside Xbox they're all just kind of you know trying to get into it. These people have been playing for a few years and then just started live streaming it. And
and yeah the first the pilot episode is not that good because it's literally just dropped in from their game. But if there's an episode that my friend said watch this one first and this is a good like judge of whether or not you like the show because it's called The Trial of the Take. If you just google Trial of The Take that will be the first thing that pops up because it's in the middle, but it's kind of a self contained story. They have some guest stars, so you don't have to learn all the characters at once, it's just absolute it is so good, So good and
if
you
And if you like it then it's great because there's like 150 hours, so
Uh
you'll get addicted. I have a whole bag, I don't roll I roll like three sets and the rest just sit there in a bag ominously
uh
let's see, what sort of movies do you watch?
How do you feel about Star Wars?
Okay, definitive ranking of Star Wars go?
Where do you stand on the sequel trilogy? Because I have mixed feelings.
Hi.
I wasn't a fan of force awakens. I felt it was kind of I found it too repetitive, but I have plenty of friends who love it so I'm I'm so glad they do. I just wanted a little more. I really liked the Last Jet. I and everyone seems to hate it.
It
was
very
tonally inconsistent. It was the parent who's the parent who's the parent, your parents don't matter. Wait, you're actually a palpatine but
Yeah, I don't hate any of them. I've never understood the people like hate anything with a burning passion is like it wasn't my thing that someone else did. Uh
The only thing is I hate are things that like if a friend really likes it and I don't like it then I'll escalate it to hate. So we have the fun, you know, just so I can be mad about it so we can argue. But I don't know just for example, I love the movie Cats because it's horrible.
I saw the previews one. This is going to be the worst movie. I have to see it in theaters. What? And I made my friend come with me and he has not forgiven me
what
it was a thing. Hi, I was disappointed because I wanted all this horror because there was no way that's going to be a good movie. So please horrify me as much as possible. And they did a pretty good job there. Like some seems that gave me that what am I watching, but it wasn't enough. I wanted more confusion and surreal horror.
Yeah. To their credit, I nearly fell out of a chair laughing because she was like not Jason Derulo. Uh I dris elbow plays the evil cat named Macavity and his plot throughout the whole movie, If you don't mind me like giving a general summary, the whole plot of cats is all the cats want to die. That is the plot of the movie and there's a contest that they have and whoever dances the best gets to die.
But well it's I mean they get to die is my summation. They get to go to the heaven side layer in a magical hot air balloon so they die. But it's more than just being like, yeah, it's all metaphorical and beautiful and there's something supposedly long story short at the end of the day, they're all suicide, don't want to die and they all sing songs about themselves and hope that their chosen. So ideas Alba is the evil cat who's Macavity and he wants to die because all of them do. And but he's worried because there's all these good singers and dancers, good being a relative term here. And so instead of having to compete against them, he's going to kidnap them so then they can't compete in the ball and then he'll have less competitors or something. So throughout the movie it's a cat sings and then gets kidnapped and then another cat sings and gets kidnapped and so you'll have like what's the girl's name? She's in pitch perfect. And um Night at the museum three uh huh
blond hair, not personally a fan of her for the reasons related to cats ironically but whatever. Uh I don't know if I'm allowed to google during this conversation
but okay, so she sings a song. Then the cavity comes and the thing is he kidnaps them by turning them into dust. He and the cat turned into dust at the same time and they're spirited away via particle effects. And for every time he and he can, I don't know if you've ever watched harry potter but he can basically operate as well. He turns to dust and just disappears every time he turns to dust or turns another cat to dust, he goes the cavities and just yells out his name and vanishes. And then sometimes just mix things up Instead of going Macavity, he'll just go with all seriousness, Mao and vanish and I absolutely lost it in the theater with a grown man yelling now in disappearing into dust.
It's really funny. Also, he is a song as well because they all have songs and it includes the line Macavity, Macavity, there's no one like Macavity. He's broken every human law. He breaks the law of gravity. So of course he floats and dances. But to me, there is a more troubling implication here if he has broken every human law, that means Macavity has committed tax fraud in addition to many other things and that is never addressed again. But he has somehow committed tax fraud and stolen a horse because those are against the law is a cattle rustler and also possibly a murderer.
He does also Taylor Swift had a song.
No, she sang them cavity song.
She was one scene.
I think so. Uh Taylor Swift, the old lady who's in James Bond. Um am I only know her as am I don't know where the
judi Dench
um shoot, there's the girl from pitch perfect. Um Ian Mckellen, isn't it? He
gets turned into dust and brought into a book because Macavity comes up with an autograph book and it's like, can I have your autograph? Well, of course in the cavity, slammed the book shut. They turn into dust. The book falls on the ground. There's one cat who I haven't bought the blue ray, I should, but he tap dances and there's a subplot with the cats getting kidnapped and um the way they manage to escape cause they're brought into a pirate ship and the pirates guarding them, which apparently is no damage to the broadway show where there's an entire song about a pirate cat, but now it's just a pirate cat who's guarding them and they managed to fight back against the pirate cat because pitch perfect girl unzips her skin to escape the chains, not making this up. And then the tap dancing cat tap dances aggressively towards the pirate, knocking him off the plank. And yes, he tapped, there is a clear aggression to the tap dancing. There's like a focus zoom shot of him tap dancing ominously and the guy backing up in fear. Like if the subtitle people did not use tap dance as aggressively as the subtitle, I will be wildly disappointed because they should.
Yes it does. And there's also a magic cat who performs magic except everyone hates him. And then because judi Dench kids kidnapped
so they say oh use magic to bring her back and so they sing a whole song about it and he does and then everyone likes him. They never really establish how magic works though because up to this point his magic has consisted of him like being pick a card. Neither can you re summon the cat. Yeah sure I'm I
have
I have absolutely no expectations for this thing this time driving me nuts. Hey Siri who is the girl in cats? It's driving me nuts. Here are matches for cats that is no help whatsoever. Siri,
you just brought up the list of movies with the word cat in the title? Uh huh.
Well that
character,
yeah and I'm gonna hate myself but she has a whole song as well. I know the cat's name, I somehow know the cat's name but I don't know the actor because she plays jenny any dots and she is a song where she's like a larger cat. And then part way during the song she unzips her skin and walks out of it wearing a ball gown.
Well like her for she like unzips her fur coat and then her for and then walks out of it still covered in fur but now wearing a ball game and this is a clear foreshadowing to when she's kidnapped later and she escapes by unzipping her skin once again.
Also she trained cock a roaches to dance and there's a whole line dance of cockroaches with Children's faces. No I'm sorry. They have human faces. There's mice with Children's faces.
Yes because during the line dancing of the cockroaches with human faces she gets hungry and she's like you're not dancing on and he like eats the human cock a roach. Yeah. It was like Kafka's metamorphosis. Meet cannibal holocaust or something. I don't know. But it was really stuff. Yeah.
I I was completely
sober and I think my friend wished he wasn't. I think by the three minute mark he looked at me it was like I hate you so much.
Only
I've asked if he wants to watch it again. He said no.
Yeah. It's I feel like if you did a double feature of like Rocky Horror Picture show and cats that would be a thing.
My friend made I think it's fair it's a long, it's a tradition. My friend made me see Rocky Horror Picture show in theaters and I hated it. So then I make my friends see cats and theaters and he hated it. So now he's going to have to like the next time a movie comes out, he's going to have to make some of one of his friends and then we just continue
this cycle of violence and terror.
Yes. Pay it backwards, punish it for prints.
It's like instead
of paying
for the coffee for the person behind you, you instead somehow like charge the person behind you. They're like, oh yeah, you're like, oh, the person behind me is paying for me.
I don't think that would work.
It depends on the day because there might be some employee who's just like too tired to care and like, okay, yeah, go ahead. Cats. So I'm sure that's how this conversation was expected. You know, I'm gonna log here a summary of cats.
I
am glad
off.
I didn't either, so,
but
mhm. Also spoiler alert, the old raggedy cat is the one who gets to die because she sings a really sad song about how she's old and raggedy. And then everyone who has hated her this entire movie, they like actively like throw rocks at her and stuff, they hiss at her, which is the equivalent of throwing rocks, but then she sings a really sad song and everyone's like, okay, yeah, you can die. And then it ends with like a soliloquy by judi Dench about like now you have learned about the cats. I'm like, no, I really don't think I have.
And you know, your questions have been answered, like, no, I have infinitely more questions now. Okay.
And if there's one thing you must remember know that a cat is not a dog and then the entire ensemble like repeats solemnly, A cat is not a dog. Okay, yep, that clarified a lot, thanks.
Its unique movie.
I mean, I think I got because there were other popular musical movies like shoot, what's the really long, sad French 1?
That's the one that was like super popular, right?
I never saw, it was really long and sad and french, but that made like a gazillion dollars, so they were like, hey, let's adapt some other movie, some other broadway plays and they decided not to do wicked because they hate me personally and and said like let's do the play that has no plot whatsoever and has been described as critics as widely disconcerting what could go wrong.
I
would
be so
happy Did Wicked.
I got to see it not like the original cast, like our local theater had a showing up and I loved it. And so I'd love to see a movie version. But no, we got cats. I mean I can't complain. I love it because it's the worst.
But if I was taught, you have to choose between cats and Wicked. There's no question you go with Wicked.
I all because I think they're still doing broadway versions of it. Maybe
I'll
slip using the Beetlejuice broadway show.
There's a broadway show and it's wonderful and
the
soundtrack is really catchy and it's possible to find video recordings of the broadway show if you're willing to look on the
internet.
But that was really good. And I wish they made that into a movie because I saw part of Beetlejuice and I didn't like it when I saw the show and it's much funnier. It was. There's a great scene where the guy who plays Beetlejuice, he's less creepy in the broadway show. He's like, the actor said he was going to try to be less, you know, creepy towards everyone else. But there's a great scene where when the mainland's dying is like the handbook for the dead because he breaks the fourth wall. The whole movie is like uh it's this thing. What is it you ask? Well, let's do a little puppet show. Boys and girls like honey, they're Beetlejuice. Where do books go when they die? It's like, I don't know, book, let's find out. And he walks over and throws the book in the fireplace. Just I there's the scream stay down. He just slowly turns over. There was like, sometimes puppet shows are sad. Yeah. Oh, uh
and
on
this.
Yeah. Fair warning. If I I love it, you have to have a dark sense of humor. It is a little bit on the dark side.
I mean, to be fair, the whole show is about dead people. But like one of the songs is called Dead Mom and it's sung by lydia trying to talk to your mom and it's sweet, but also kind of disconcerting when you think about it. Yeah. There's always a little bit of uh gallows humor and so I'm personally offended them. I'm sorry, what was that?
Yeah, but some people are less a fan of that. So I want to make sure you're like, hey, you should listen to the soundtrack
like, oh my gosh,
puts the phone in the fireplace. Yeah. Yeah.
That's how you burn music. Right?
This was fun.
I
sorry
if
I talk too much.
there
is rest.
Yeah. That's what I'm here for. If I can just educate one person about the terror that is cats. I have done my job
and hopefully you find the dungeons and dragon shows because the best thing ever
I Andrew it chronicles. Yes.
By
kevin.
Uh Have you ever heard of Felicia Day or will wheaton? Okay.
Because both of those people are guest stars in the trial of the take episode of critical role, not
in the same episode. One of them has uh because it's a four part thing but it's separate but there are two part, there's one set of two parts, other set of two parts and the first of the two participants today. The other set of two as well wheaton. There's just one because Felicia Day plays a ditzy wizard who is like unhealthily obsessed with another guy at her workplace and spends the whole time talking about him. And Wil Wheaton plays an angry dwarf who cannot roll above a three the entire game.
Wonderful, little slow at first, but so good.
So it was fun. Thank you for hearing me wax poetic. That random things.
I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day.
Bye!