SPEAKER_L: Okay. Mhm. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Hi, sorry, I'm like quarantining in my own house but have still to wear a mask.
SPEAKER_R: Oh no worries. That consuming. It's crazy woman. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Um I guess like how are you
SPEAKER_R: I'm good. It's funny how you bring that up because earlier today I was trying to reschedule my daughter's birthday party celebration with her friend and
SPEAKER_L: exciting?
SPEAKER_R: you know, she's been wanting to see her friend in person and her friend is a daughter of my friend who went to college together and I think my friend felt bad, so she's like, hey, you know, we can get together for a playdate and um they're going to be at the beach, like they were at they've been at the beach and I'll be going to the beach and I also see my elderly parents regularly. So I struggled with it. I'm like, you know what, I think I'm just gonna go back to going back to the netflix party and I had to let her know because I did some research and I think that me being really careful, conservative and mindful in that way has just made me give me a better peace of mind the sign.
SPEAKER_L: That means like better, better safe than sorry in this situation.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think so. And you know, I'm kind of a home body anyway and
SPEAKER_L: does your daughter turning?
SPEAKER_R: say that again,
SPEAKER_L: Oh, how old is your daughter turning?
SPEAKER_R: She'll be turning eight. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: When
SPEAKER_R: Why?
SPEAKER_L: you said like your daughter's friends um your daughter's friends? Mom is also like your friend. I really felt that because like that's the same for me as well. I don't know if it's just because like my mom has a tendency to become friends with like my friend moms or if like everyone just runs in the same like mom circle, but a lot of my friends, moms are also like my mom's friends because sometimes my mom will be like, did you hear what happened to Christie like before? I know what happened.
SPEAKER_R: Well you were saying now so so my our daughter for the same age and my friend and I we got married around the same time, so I remember her wedding day share with me, she's like get pregnant at the same time.
SPEAKER_L: So you can have like daughters and her friends?
SPEAKER_R: No, I hadn't planned it, but it actually worked out that way. So you know, it's it's kind of nice being able to have them have each other, you know? But yeah, I know what you mean, it's like, you know, it's a small world. Uh huh. Yeah. So have you been doing during this quarantine or you know, kind of like during this, I guess time?
SPEAKER_L: Um I've been doing like okay I guess. Um So I actually just graduated from college um so that I just got back from school and Nama home which is why I have to like self quarantine for my parents because I don't really want to expose them to anything because I went through like two airports on the way. Um But yeah other than that, I don't know I think it's been like very strange uh that like um like I guess my life is very structured and for like routine because I have like classes um and like you know organizations and things that are kind of like regularly scheduled um that ever since everything hit, it's just kind of like I can I can take my class at like one p.m. Or like seven, no one cares. Um Yeah it just feels very like loose
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: a little strange.
SPEAKER_R: well,
SPEAKER_L: Um But I think like just because um living in it for a couple of months so far I've kind of gotten used to it. Um But yeah it definitely has made me like less certain of what I'm like doing in the future but I don't really know. Yeah it's kind of weird.
SPEAKER_R: congrats,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Did you?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, so yeah, I hadn't thought of that, yeah, it's kind of interesting because, you know, I hadn't ever put myself in the shoes of a new graduate, that is kind of, that's an interesting place to be, I think for everyone, but I imagine like with you all like having to think about starting a career, yeah, that's kind of like a really challenging time to be in that kind of situation.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's like really hard to find a child right now so I'm just kind of like throwing it out there and like seeing blood bites. Oh
SPEAKER_R: you're still the pump out there? And how do your parents, I mean, do you how do they, are they elderly, like how do they feel about that? Oh,
SPEAKER_L: They're like Not like elderly they're like 50s ish. So um I guess they're kind of like starving to enter that territory like not there yet. Um But yes I've just been sitting at home and like applying to things from the comfort of the couch and stuff. Um But they do agree with like eventually I want to like I guess like you're going um I'm just not really sure that I feel like my like are like desire for me to get a job, kind of conflicts with. Um I don't know like I guess because like I'm not really sure about when any like potential start date would be, but then I know like they also want me to like be at home for as long as they need to be considering like um I need like future lockdown or like they wouldn't want me to just be by myself, living in a new city, especially if it's under lockdown and I'm still and I'm doing like work from home anyway, so I think there's kind of like uh like we're none of us are really sure about how that's gonna play out either,
SPEAKER_R: right. Exactly, that's what worries whole variability
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: aspect of it, like if you have a job, for example, at any point in time there could be, you know, um a shift where you'd have to come into an office, right? And then uh just just because I feel the way the administration is kind of handling, you know, people going back to work reopening of businesses, you know?
SPEAKER_L: now
SPEAKER_R: And I mean for me health is first and I'm not think to others, it's not because, you know, it's I think yeah, very subjective in a way. Um but it's hard because you know, it's like, I don't know, it's like we're not flattening the curve, you know? And then what then, like what's effective, you know?
SPEAKER_L: It does feel like um like for other people help end up becoming like a compromise because they need to go back to work because
SPEAKER_R: Wine
SPEAKER_L: like john is lifted and I don't think it like should be that way. Like I know that people say um like that the curve is like Nafta and we're doing like really badly if you think about how we still have had to live through like um like lockdowns and same place orders, like I guess that was really for nothing because enough people didn't do it that like we're still going full steam with people um like contracting covid.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, that's, I don't know the answers to that said, I think projective and yeah, I wonder, you know, my concern mostly has to be with, you know, um and I overheard this morning when you know over the news is that the schools, like if they reopen in the fall, which I don't think they would, but if they did, I've actually concerned weighing like, you know if I had to make might have to go against the grain but I would guess that that would be a mindful decision, you know and you know it would be okay. She had to go back and we would just all work together. But like the thought of, you know, for me, I was like, oh with schools reopening the fall, you know?
SPEAKER_L: If school reopened, would you try to keep your daughter at home or would you send her to school?
SPEAKER_R: Um I would wait and see at that period in time like what the 411 is I think and even now like with proceeding forward with like, you know everything else at work and health I think for me it's just really important to um as much as possible, get educated and then make do your best to make mindful choices, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. My sister is a high school teacher and then we actually talked towards a little because um at my college they um like this past semester um they basically made uh
SPEAKER_R: Oh.
SPEAKER_L: the entire semester pass fail if you want to. So after the grades are out you can choose to um converted to a pass fail or keep your original grade and told my sister who's a high school teacher, and he said that like everyone in her school is really grappling with the decision of whether to do some sort of like pass fail um like situation because she knows that there's a lot of students who also rely on like grades to qualify for scholarships or they didn't really need to push their grades up if it was worse earlier. But of course like uh learning a while at home is definitely not the same thing as learning at school. So I think it's like a really um they're really like tough issue to solve for them. All right.
SPEAKER_R: Oh I didn't thought it didn't have that now, like how did you school handle things because my understanding is this whole pandemic kind of started around like March. Um and like you know there's a few months in the time between like you know where college is great and you all graduate, like how did that play out like that's interesting.
SPEAKER_L: Um So we got the um everything kind of like went off the rails like while I was on spring break and so leading up to
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: spring break um There are a couple of friends like in my group of friends that were going like on the trip together, they were like uh like this this thing seems kind of serious, I think I'm just gonna like stay home instead. They were like why would you do that?
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: Like it's fine. So
SPEAKER_R: more.
SPEAKER_L: that was like late I wrote even like the week before um like even like the first week of marsh it seemed fine. Um And then while we were on spring break it was like so I guess I was like March like ted or something. Um We got like emails and like notifications that pretty much every other university was strutting down and soon enough um like mind fault as well. And so as I got back like basically everything like ground to haul, so it was basically like like happy and carefree before spring break and spring break and in the middle of it everything like went to shit. Um Yeah so from then on we just had like online classes to resume. Um And luckily like um you didn't really spread around campus until like one guy came back with it like from europe a couple of weeks later. Um But since a lot of people, so everyone in the dorms were evacuated. Uh as in like I guess they could choose to live elsewhere um like in the surrounding area and just like that from someone or they could go home. So that's a lot of like of the younger students did. Um And so for the people living in like a separate apartments or houses, most people I think, I don't know actually if it's most people, but you can stay for as long as you want and so I kind of just like wait it out my lease, they didn't want to like voice money on rent. Um and I know there are still like some spread especially on like a certain street is kind of known for like having people who like to party a lot so um there was that, but overall I think in terms of like the virus itself, there wasn't, it wasn't like terrible at my school. Um I know there's been a lot of like student dissatisfaction about like how it's handled in terms of like classes basically grades are okay, just like, I don't know, I think people are always kind of like mad administration.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean I think that yeah I'm just wondering about what's to come, you know, pistol yeah. I don't know like how did your uh well it sounds like you all um figure things out up until graduation, like the administration kind of sort things out. I'm curious how our administration like what's gonna uh like I don't know like in terms of like now and what's to come, you know, just because opening up and my understanding is a lot of problems are cropping up because of it. Um So I wonder,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think like texas has like become the new epicenter or something
SPEAKER_R: outfront
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: floor.
SPEAKER_L: there. Yeah. Like they're being like quarantined from various um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: like east coast cities. Like I think if you want to fly from Like somewhere in Texas like New York City um you have to be 14 for two weeks before you can go,
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: honestly
SPEAKER_R: he wants?
SPEAKER_L: I don't know how to enforce that.
SPEAKER_R: Well that's funny how you feel, because I think when I was, because I was doing Different things this morning, I overheard that 14 days maybe that applies to them because I did hear something about 14 days at quarantine, so maybe her first exit, that must be them. Um yeah, so I don't know, I'm just going with the flow personally. My daughter is at home now and she's not doing summer camp and timing wise it works out well because I think that I'm ready to take that on or it's like for example last year I was like she has to go to camp, I can't get
SPEAKER_L: Everything
SPEAKER_R: anything done
SPEAKER_L: has changed.
SPEAKER_R: well. Yeah so you know in a sushi in a way been a blessing in disguise because I've had you know been able to spend time with her and actually you know I've been able to do things with her at home that are not necessarily available at camp so you know um Yeah but at the same time I feel like this stress stress because I do have to think about my career and I do have to think about work and in a way it's like I'm not certain what to do, you know like a part so No no it's crazy times. For sure.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it definitely feels like
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: for a lot of people like work from home is really blurring like the work home life boundary and I guess like people who have already worked for him know how to deal with that. The people who are just starting now um aren't necessarily equipped to, I don't know like no, that they should like have a separate disk or something. Um So she is really hard and it isn't, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I guess I
SPEAKER_L: you just said
SPEAKER_R: it's different. Yeah so I mean for me like I love working remotely, if I could I would just keep working remotely but I don't even know like if that would be possible, like you know if you can apply for remote jobs, you know what I mean?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think um at twitter like the ceo said like this is like working great, we're going to do work from home forever if you want and
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: then like
SPEAKER_R: is at
SPEAKER_L: if
SPEAKER_R: night,
SPEAKER_L: you want, you can just come back to the office every now and then. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's that would be my dream. I was thinking that I'm like what if he's like this creates a chance, you know people work remotely now and if things work out, you know companies can save a lot of money, there's no overhead. I mean a lot of companies now try to promote sales so you buy their products online for examples because you know cuts out of them having to you know
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: spell
SPEAKER_L: have a storefront.
SPEAKER_R: with physically. Yeah, so I was like that be my dream if this transitions into not just working remotely but being able to continue working remotely and if that's successful, let's win win, you know? I love that.
SPEAKER_L: Do you also have to get um like really involved with your like daughter's school work or does she mostly just like, I don't know like watching do, I'm just really curious about how it works for people who I guess are in college because I haven't really seen that.
SPEAKER_R: Well, so I have a tutoring background actually. Um And so for me personally I'm very like involved in her work because her school has the same philosophy, it's a co op, which means that parents and the school actually our partners in running the school. So for that reason my husband and I are really involved in her work, but it's not like I'm like on top of her telling her what to do per se, it's more like guiding her along. But I
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: think for me i it's funny how you mentioned that I had she thought about it afterwards and when this all happened, I didn't think about things, I just went from like, I don't know, I just went from instinct but ended up really working out well. Um but I think for me and her it's a balance, like I give her her independence, another allow her to make her own choices and you know, let her have consequences for those choices. But at the same time, I think in this situation, because teachers in essence are no longer able to really teach kids, they all really anonymously do not. Like the long online learning has been popular, but I think it's also hard for kids to maybe, um, the type of learning experience they have online as in school. So maybe because my tuning background, I'm not certain but was able to bridge that gap so that she ended up and I was cool because I didn't realize they were being kind of like evaluated and I guess I should have occurred to me, but I was thinking, well, this is interesting. You have a lot of families who have different schedules and, you know, at the same time, they're running a pretty like type of demanding curriculum right at school. So I would guess that they really couldn't graded necessarily because it wouldn't be fair to some students who don't have parents who don't have the same abilities as others to be the Children. Um but it worked for our family because my husband and I, you know, we are able to be involved in that level and we're both kind of involved in that level. Um But for me that's how I did it. I um I was very proactive with her, so day to day, you know, we worked, I would say her and I worked together in accomplishing the tasks that her school's demands had and
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: personally like um participation and stuff has dropped a lot because of um like online classes. And
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: like actually thinking back to when I was, um, I guess like in like high school or younger when I participated, a lot of it like was probably due to some kind of like in person physical key. Like if I see other people raising their hands, like ready to talk, I would definitely be more willing to talk, but you just don't have the same thing. Um like on zoom when everyone's screens are playing or even when you can still see their faces and like when I really wanted to, like it was a teacher because I thought I was really, really smart or something to enter raise my hand. I feel like that was a little full like dependent on some kind of like in person interaction. Like you yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Oh,
SPEAKER_L: it's like, it's not just that like the video is doing the same thing that it is in prison, but like there's definitely like, like something stopping in the middle already.
SPEAKER_R: you know, I thought was interesting, like it was just multiple kids that were just like, I don't like this on learning online stuff, but I can I can empathize with that actually when I think about it, But my daughter's school in particular, they do an amazing job. Having the kids just love going to school compared
SPEAKER_L: That's sweet.
SPEAKER_R: to that. Yeah, they would definitely not like online learning in particular because, you know, they want to be around their friends. Um But yeah, I mean, yeah, just I wonder how if that's how, but you know, I have another kid, I know he's older and he just didn't like the online learning either. And I think it's it's difficult because maybe kids struggle with having to have self discipline. You know, you're at home in front of your meetings and all that stuff and I don't know. But it sounds like he was driving his dad nuts. Well, my daughter were of me nuts in the beginning because doing like face times and video video games and I was blasting like three or four hours, so I had to kind of guide us away from that situation. Um Yeah, well, it's gonna carry through itself to the summer too, because at first, you know, I was like, oh, it's summer, but then I was like, no, it's like you have to be competitive, so be smart, get ahead of this, you know, I feel kind of badly because it's going to be her birthday week, but I'm like, it's okay, like she can have the birthday thing, but
SPEAKER_L: The first thing is the breakthrough us the week is you're going to study.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, exactly, you're still gonna do the other things, you know, because I have to set that rhythm for her, you know? Yeah. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. When I was younger I kind of have the same as your daughter and that like, um I just like whenever I had a problem with school, my parents are like a sign of sibling to help me. Um but in terms of like actually trying to get ahead for real, I had a ton of like additional like math workbooks and like in my free time my dad would like make me do all these problems. It's and I hated it. But like I guess it worked. I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: well, I know what you mean. It's tough to find a balance. Like my dad, her granddad, he was really very very like he was really great at school, he was amazing. Um
SPEAKER_L: hmm.
SPEAKER_R: So he's you know she's naturally oriented towards math and so is he I think and so it's funny because he'll like try to like you know try to be involved with her and see what he'll do is he'll try to teach her the multiplication tables. So she started on things I think. Um But she just does not like it and the balance that you have to know how to connect with them too. And I think I think the best way to do it is to develop a love of learning for it, you know? So I think yeah so this week I planned on bridging the gap with her first and connected with her then guiding her on stepping up and kind of following the you know learning activities I have planned this week and
SPEAKER_L: like learn to want to do on her own, right?
SPEAKER_R: exactly so that it's a choice that she wants to do it or has an understanding of the meaningfulness behind why we're doing what we're doing, you know
SPEAKER_L: You're
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: talking about the multiplication
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: tables like brought back a memory of mine. Um That one of the ways they learned it was just like listening to like a cd repetitive we in the car. Um but otherwise I was like practicing with my grandma. She was just like roll to die and be like when you multiply this, like what is it? And I was like, that was really good for me because I was really close to my grandma and I wanted to like hang out with her in a field just for multiplication tables. And also like for some reason I think it was like considered kind of cool at that time to like know everything. Um But yeah, I definitely like having the um like opportunity to hang out with her grandma was like kind of similar to like your daughter hanging out with her grandfather to like learn at school.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, sharing that, yeah, I love I love any chance that they have to have each other in their lives. I'd come across like I was watching a documentary and it was about why there are many japanese that live beyond 100 years old and they gave the top four reasons as to what the connections are and one of them was that which was you know the elderly and like their grandchildren have relationships with each other and it's it's a win win for both from a social emotional development told standpoint and it made sense to me and I always encourage up with my daughter and my parents and so it made me feel good in particular because I love my parents and I don't know if you feel the same way, but I grew up you know with a lot of asian cultural values and so the elderly
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: made you,
SPEAKER_R: really held highly esteemed, you know? And you know, for me it's really good because I came to learn that you know, having the young in their lives helps their self esteem and I said that's really good for my daughter to learn that too, and really great for my parents health, you know, and longevity. So yeah, I yeah, so it's it's good um
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: week I should make sure to talk to a girl wear tour
SPEAKER_R: well absolutely
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: and you know actually I should I've been staying away because she's a very strong personality, let's just put it that way. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Religion.
SPEAKER_R: and I don't know, it's awkward. Like I don't know how to tactfully deal with it in a way, maybe. I don't know if it is possible. I'm very close to my grandmother and we've had an ongoing relationship where we're connected and in touch. But you know, it's funny because when I went to France like a few, so they're all in France, my mom's side of the family. And um I went there because my grandmother had shared that she wasn't feeling so well. And when I heard that this was around, okay. So then I said to my husband, I said we got to go, I want her to meet her great granddaughter, they need to meet each other. And this is about a month in february. And this is when the terrorists had. So this was so this okay, so sorry, this was around I think March. And so the terrorists had basically, you know attacked Paris at the time. And I said, well so my husband and I,000 mindful that family comes first and so we decided to go anyway and it fell on my daughter's spring break. But when I went there, you know, sorry, go on that tangent. My cousin assures me, she warned me about my grandmother and I at the time I didn't understand what she meant, but now I understand what she means and I'm like, oh no, like I want to connect with her. But you know like we think very differently and I don't want her feelings and I don't know she can sometimes like understand where I'm coming from. Oh
SPEAKER_L: And especially like kind of late in her life, she's probably not going to like change when she approaches things.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, right. Um but what you said, I connect with, I think it's I thank you for sharing because now I feel like I need to like find a way to connect with her. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks for sharing.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. So. Uh huh. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: for talking to I think we hit like the 25 minutes like a couple of minutes ago, so that's great
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It was really
SPEAKER_L: power.
SPEAKER_R: good talking to you and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You too.
SPEAKER_R: good luck with everything.
SPEAKER_L: You too have a good day.
SPEAKER_R: Thanks you too. Bye.
SPEAKER_L: Bye.