Oh no worries. That consuming. It's crazy woman. Uh huh.
I'm good. It's funny how you bring that up because earlier today I was trying to reschedule my daughter's birthday party celebration with her friend and
you know, she's been wanting to see her friend in person and her friend is a daughter of my friend who went to college together and I think my friend felt bad, so she's like, hey, you know, we can get together for a playdate and um they're going to be at the beach, like they were at they've been at the beach and I'll be going to the beach and I also see my elderly parents regularly. So I struggled with it. I'm like, you know what, I think I'm just gonna go back to going back to the netflix party and I had to let her know because I did some research and I think that me being really careful, conservative and mindful in that way has just made me give me a better peace of mind the sign.
Yeah, I think so. And you know, I'm kind of a home body anyway and
say that again,
She'll be turning eight. Yes.
Why?
Well you were saying now so so my our daughter for the same age and my friend and I we got married around the same time, so I remember her wedding day share with me, she's like get pregnant at the same time.
No, I hadn't planned it, but it actually worked out that way. So you know, it's it's kind of nice being able to have them have each other, you know? But yeah, I know what you mean, it's like, you know, it's a small world. Uh huh. Yeah. So have you been doing during this quarantine or you know, kind of like during this, I guess time?
Well,
well,
congrats,
yeah, so yeah, I hadn't thought of that, yeah, it's kind of interesting because, you know, I hadn't ever put myself in the shoes of a new graduate, that is kind of, that's an interesting place to be, I think for everyone, but I imagine like with you all like having to think about starting a career, yeah, that's kind of like a really challenging time to be in that kind of situation.
you're still the pump out there? And how do your parents, I mean, do you how do they, are they elderly, like how do they feel about that? Oh,
right. Exactly, that's what worries whole variability
aspect of it, like if you have a job, for example, at any point in time there could be, you know, um a shift where you'd have to come into an office, right? And then uh just just because I feel the way the administration is kind of handling, you know, people going back to work reopening of businesses, you know?
And I mean for me health is first and I'm not think to others, it's not because, you know, it's I think yeah, very subjective in a way. Um but it's hard because you know, it's like, I don't know, it's like we're not flattening the curve, you know? And then what then, like what's effective, you know?
Wine
yeah, that's, I don't know the answers to that said, I think projective and yeah, I wonder, you know, my concern mostly has to be with, you know, um and I overheard this morning when you know over the news is that the schools, like if they reopen in the fall, which I don't think they would, but if they did, I've actually concerned weighing like, you know if I had to make might have to go against the grain but I would guess that that would be a mindful decision, you know and you know it would be okay. She had to go back and we would just all work together. But like the thought of, you know, for me, I was like, oh with schools reopening the fall, you know?
Um I would wait and see at that period in time like what the 411 is I think and even now like with proceeding forward with like, you know everything else at work and health I think for me it's just really important to um as much as possible, get educated and then make do your best to make mindful choices, you know?
Oh.
Oh I didn't thought it didn't have that now, like how did you school handle things because my understanding is this whole pandemic kind of started around like March. Um and like you know there's a few months in the time between like you know where college is great and you all graduate, like how did that play out like that's interesting.
All
well
more.
Yeah. I mean I think that yeah I'm just wondering about what's to come, you know, pistol yeah. I don't know like how did your uh well it sounds like you all um figure things out up until graduation, like the administration kind of sort things out. I'm curious how our administration like what's gonna uh like I don't know like in terms of like now and what's to come, you know, just because opening up and my understanding is a lot of problems are cropping up because of it. Um So I wonder,
outfront
floor.
Mhm.
what
what
he wants?
Well that's funny how you feel, because I think when I was, because I was doing Different things this morning, I overheard that 14 days maybe that applies to them because I did hear something about 14 days at quarantine, so maybe her first exit, that must be them. Um yeah, so I don't know, I'm just going with the flow personally. My daughter is at home now and she's not doing summer camp and timing wise it works out well because I think that I'm ready to take that on or it's like for example last year I was like she has to go to camp, I can't get
anything done
well. Yeah so you know in a sushi in a way been a blessing in disguise because I've had you know been able to spend time with her and actually you know I've been able to do things with her at home that are not necessarily available at camp so you know um Yeah but at the same time I feel like this stress stress because I do have to think about my career and I do have to think about work and in a way it's like I'm not certain what to do, you know like a part so No no it's crazy times. For sure.
What?
I guess I
it's different. Yeah so I mean for me like I love working remotely, if I could I would just keep working remotely but I don't even know like if that would be possible, like you know if you can apply for remote jobs, you know what I mean?
It
is at
night,
that's that would be my dream. I was thinking that I'm like what if he's like this creates a chance, you know people work remotely now and if things work out, you know companies can save a lot of money, there's no overhead. I mean a lot of companies now try to promote sales so you buy their products online for examples because you know cuts out of them having to you know
spell
with physically. Yeah, so I was like that be my dream if this transitions into not just working remotely but being able to continue working remotely and if that's successful, let's win win, you know? I love that.
Well, so I have a tutoring background actually. Um And so for me personally I'm very like involved in her work because her school has the same philosophy, it's a co op, which means that parents and the school actually our partners in running the school. So for that reason my husband and I are really involved in her work, but it's not like I'm like on top of her telling her what to do per se, it's more like guiding her along. But I
think for me i it's funny how you mentioned that I had she thought about it afterwards and when this all happened, I didn't think about things, I just went from like, I don't know, I just went from instinct but ended up really working out well. Um but I think for me and her it's a balance, like I give her her independence, another allow her to make her own choices and you know, let her have consequences for those choices. But at the same time, I think in this situation, because teachers in essence are no longer able to really teach kids, they all really anonymously do not. Like the long online learning has been popular, but I think it's also hard for kids to maybe, um, the type of learning experience they have online as in school. So maybe because my tuning background, I'm not certain but was able to bridge that gap so that she ended up and I was cool because I didn't realize they were being kind of like evaluated and I guess I should have occurred to me, but I was thinking, well, this is interesting. You have a lot of families who have different schedules and, you know, at the same time, they're running a pretty like type of demanding curriculum right at school. So I would guess that they really couldn't graded necessarily because it wouldn't be fair to some students who don't have parents who don't have the same abilities as others to be the Children. Um but it worked for our family because my husband and I, you know, we are able to be involved in that level and we're both kind of involved in that level. Um But for me that's how I did it. I um I was very proactive with her, so day to day, you know, we worked, I would say her and I worked together in accomplishing the tasks that her school's demands had and
there.
and
Oh,
you know, I thought was interesting, like it was just multiple kids that were just like, I don't like this on learning online stuff, but I can I can empathize with that actually when I think about it, But my daughter's school in particular, they do an amazing job. Having the kids just love going to school compared
to that. Yeah, they would definitely not like online learning in particular because, you know, they want to be around their friends. Um But yeah, I mean, yeah, just I wonder how if that's how, but you know, I have another kid, I know he's older and he just didn't like the online learning either. And I think it's it's difficult because maybe kids struggle with having to have self discipline. You know, you're at home in front of your meetings and all that stuff and I don't know. But it sounds like he was driving his dad nuts. Well, my daughter were of me nuts in the beginning because doing like face times and video video games and I was blasting like three or four hours, so I had to kind of guide us away from that situation. Um Yeah, well, it's gonna carry through itself to the summer too, because at first, you know, I was like, oh, it's summer, but then I was like, no, it's like you have to be competitive, so be smart, get ahead of this, you know, I feel kind of badly because it's going to be her birthday week, but I'm like, it's okay, like she can have the birthday thing, but
Yeah, exactly, you're still gonna do the other things, you know, because I have to set that rhythm for her, you know? Yeah. So
well, I know what you mean. It's tough to find a balance. Like my dad, her granddad, he was really very very like he was really great at school, he was amazing. Um
So he's you know she's naturally oriented towards math and so is he I think and so it's funny because he'll like try to like you know try to be involved with her and see what he'll do is he'll try to teach her the multiplication tables. So she started on things I think. Um But she just does not like it and the balance that you have to know how to connect with them too. And I think I think the best way to do it is to develop a love of learning for it, you know? So I think yeah so this week I planned on bridging the gap with her first and connected with her then guiding her on stepping up and kind of following the you know learning activities I have planned this week and
exactly so that it's a choice that she wants to do it or has an understanding of the meaningfulness behind why we're doing what we're doing, you know
what
what
yeah, sharing that, yeah, I love I love any chance that they have to have each other in their lives. I'd come across like I was watching a documentary and it was about why there are many japanese that live beyond 100 years old and they gave the top four reasons as to what the connections are and one of them was that which was you know the elderly and like their grandchildren have relationships with each other and it's it's a win win for both from a social emotional development told standpoint and it made sense to me and I always encourage up with my daughter and my parents and so it made me feel good in particular because I love my parents and I don't know if you feel the same way, but I grew up you know with a lot of asian cultural values and so the elderly
are
really held highly esteemed, you know? And you know, for me it's really good because I came to learn that you know, having the young in their lives helps their self esteem and I said that's really good for my daughter to learn that too, and really great for my parents health, you know, and longevity. So yeah, I yeah, so it's it's good um
and
well absolutely
and you know actually I should I've been staying away because she's a very strong personality, let's just put it that way. Yeah,
and I don't know, it's awkward. Like I don't know how to tactfully deal with it in a way, maybe. I don't know if it is possible. I'm very close to my grandmother and we've had an ongoing relationship where we're connected and in touch. But you know, it's funny because when I went to France like a few, so they're all in France, my mom's side of the family. And um I went there because my grandmother had shared that she wasn't feeling so well. And when I heard that this was around, okay. So then I said to my husband, I said we got to go, I want her to meet her great granddaughter, they need to meet each other. And this is about a month in february. And this is when the terrorists had. So this was so this okay, so sorry, this was around I think March. And so the terrorists had basically, you know attacked Paris at the time. And I said, well so my husband and I,000 mindful that family comes first and so we decided to go anyway and it fell on my daughter's spring break. But when I went there, you know, sorry, go on that tangent. My cousin assures me, she warned me about my grandmother and I at the time I didn't understand what she meant, but now I understand what she means and I'm like, oh no, like I want to connect with her. But you know like we think very differently and I don't want her feelings and I don't know she can sometimes like understand where I'm coming from. Oh
yeah, right. Um but what you said, I connect with, I think it's I thank you for sharing because now I feel like I need to like find a way to connect with her. Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. So. Uh huh. Mhm.
Yeah. It was really
good talking to you and
good luck with everything.
Thanks you too. Bye.