Okay. Mhm. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Hi, sorry, I'm like quarantining in my own house but have still to wear a mask.
Um I guess like how are you
exciting?
That means like better, better safe than sorry in this situation.
does your daughter turning?
Oh, how old is your daughter turning?
When
you said like your daughter's friends um your daughter's friends? Mom is also like your friend. I really felt that because like that's the same for me as well. I don't know if it's just because like my mom has a tendency to become friends with like my friend moms or if like everyone just runs in the same like mom circle, but a lot of my friends, moms are also like my mom's friends because sometimes my mom will be like, did you hear what happened to Christie like before? I know what happened.
So you can have like daughters and her friends?
Um I've been doing like okay I guess. Um So I actually just graduated from college um so that I just got back from school and Nama home which is why I have to like self quarantine for my parents because I don't really want to expose them to anything because I went through like two airports on the way. Um But yeah other than that, I don't know I think it's been like very strange uh that like um like I guess my life is very structured and for like routine because I have like classes um and like you know organizations and things that are kind of like regularly scheduled um that ever since everything hit, it's just kind of like I can I can take my class at like one p.m. Or like seven, no one cares. Um Yeah it just feels very like loose
a little strange.
Um But I think like just because um living in it for a couple of months so far I've kind of gotten used to it. Um But yeah it definitely has made me like less certain of what I'm like doing in the future but I don't really know. Yeah it's kind of weird.
Yeah. Did you?
Yeah it's like really hard to find a child right now so I'm just kind of like throwing it out there and like seeing blood bites. Oh
They're like Not like elderly they're like 50s ish. So um I guess they're kind of like starving to enter that territory like not there yet. Um But yes I've just been sitting at home and like applying to things from the comfort of the couch and stuff. Um But they do agree with like eventually I want to like I guess like you're going um I'm just not really sure that I feel like my like are like desire for me to get a job, kind of conflicts with. Um I don't know like I guess because like I'm not really sure about when any like potential start date would be, but then I know like they also want me to like be at home for as long as they need to be considering like um I need like future lockdown or like they wouldn't want me to just be by myself, living in a new city, especially if it's under lockdown and I'm still and I'm doing like work from home anyway, so I think there's kind of like uh like we're none of us are really sure about how that's gonna play out either,
but
now
It does feel like um like for other people help end up becoming like a compromise because they need to go back to work because
like john is lifted and I don't think it like should be that way. Like I know that people say um like that the curve is like Nafta and we're doing like really badly if you think about how we still have had to live through like um like lockdowns and same place orders, like I guess that was really for nothing because enough people didn't do it that like we're still going full steam with people um like contracting covid.
If school reopened, would you try to keep your daughter at home or would you send her to school?
Yeah. My sister is a high school teacher and then we actually talked towards a little because um at my college they um like this past semester um they basically made uh
the entire semester pass fail if you want to. So after the grades are out you can choose to um converted to a pass fail or keep your original grade and told my sister who's a high school teacher, and he said that like everyone in her school is really grappling with the decision of whether to do some sort of like pass fail um like situation because she knows that there's a lot of students who also rely on like grades to qualify for scholarships or they didn't really need to push their grades up if it was worse earlier. But of course like uh learning a while at home is definitely not the same thing as learning at school. So I think it's like a really um they're really like tough issue to solve for them. All right.
Um So we got the um everything kind of like went off the rails like while I was on spring break and so leading up to
spring break um There are a couple of friends like in my group of friends that were going like on the trip together, they were like uh like this this thing seems kind of serious, I think I'm just gonna like stay home instead. They were like why would you do that?
Like it's fine. So
that was like late I wrote even like the week before um like even like the first week of marsh it seemed fine. Um And then while we were on spring break it was like so I guess I was like March like ted or something. Um We got like emails and like notifications that pretty much every other university was strutting down and soon enough um like mind fault as well. And so as I got back like basically everything like ground to haul, so it was basically like like happy and carefree before spring break and spring break and in the middle of it everything like went to shit. Um Yeah so from then on we just had like online classes to resume. Um And luckily like um you didn't really spread around campus until like one guy came back with it like from europe a couple of weeks later. Um But since a lot of people, so everyone in the dorms were evacuated. Uh as in like I guess they could choose to live elsewhere um like in the surrounding area and just like that from someone or they could go home. So that's a lot of like of the younger students did. Um And so for the people living in like a separate apartments or houses, most people I think, I don't know actually if it's most people, but you can stay for as long as you want and so I kind of just like wait it out my lease, they didn't want to like voice money on rent. Um and I know there are still like some spread especially on like a certain street is kind of known for like having people who like to party a lot so um there was that, but overall I think in terms of like the virus itself, there wasn't, it wasn't like terrible at my school. Um I know there's been a lot of like student dissatisfaction about like how it's handled in terms of like classes basically grades are okay, just like, I don't know, I think people are always kind of like mad administration.
Yeah. I think like texas has like become the new epicenter or something
like
there. Yeah. Like they're being like quarantined from various um
like east coast cities. Like I think if you want to fly from Like somewhere in Texas like New York City um you have to be 14 for two weeks before you can go,
but
honestly
I don't know how to enforce that.
Everything
has changed.
Yeah, it definitely feels like
for a lot of people like work from home is really blurring like the work home life boundary and I guess like people who have already worked for him know how to deal with that. The people who are just starting now um aren't necessarily equipped to, I don't know like no, that they should like have a separate disk or something. Um So she is really hard and it isn't, yeah,
you just said
Yeah, I think um at twitter like the ceo said like this is like working great, we're going to do work from home forever if you want and
then like
if
you want, you can just come back to the office every now and then. Yeah.
we
have a storefront.
Do you also have to get um like really involved with your like daughter's school work or does she mostly just like, I don't know like watching do, I'm just really curious about how it works for people who I guess are in college because I haven't really seen that.
No.
I
personally like um participation and stuff has dropped a lot because of um like online classes. And
like actually thinking back to when I was, um, I guess like in like high school or younger when I participated, a lot of it like was probably due to some kind of like in person physical key. Like if I see other people raising their hands, like ready to talk, I would definitely be more willing to talk, but you just don't have the same thing. Um like on zoom when everyone's screens are playing or even when you can still see their faces and like when I really wanted to, like it was a teacher because I thought I was really, really smart or something to enter raise my hand. I feel like that was a little full like dependent on some kind of like in person interaction. Like you yeah,
it's like, it's not just that like the video is doing the same thing that it is in prison, but like there's definitely like, like something stopping in the middle already.
That's sweet.
The first thing is the breakthrough us the week is you're going to study.
Yeah. When I was younger I kind of have the same as your daughter and that like, um I just like whenever I had a problem with school, my parents are like a sign of sibling to help me. Um but in terms of like actually trying to get ahead for real, I had a ton of like additional like math workbooks and like in my free time my dad would like make me do all these problems. It's and I hated it. But like I guess it worked. I don't know.
hmm.
like learn to want to do on her own, right?
You're
talking about the multiplication
tables like brought back a memory of mine. Um That one of the ways they learned it was just like listening to like a cd repetitive we in the car. Um but otherwise I was like practicing with my grandma. She was just like roll to die and be like when you multiply this, like what is it? And I was like, that was really good for me because I was really close to my grandma and I wanted to like hang out with her in a field just for multiplication tables. And also like for some reason I think it was like considered kind of cool at that time to like know everything. Um But yeah, I definitely like having the um like opportunity to hang out with her grandma was like kind of similar to like your daughter hanging out with her grandfather to like learn at school.
That
made you,
this
week I should make sure to talk to a girl wear tour
and
Religion.
And especially like kind of late in her life, she's probably not going to like change when she approaches things.
Thanks for sharing.
for talking to I think we hit like the 25 minutes like a couple of minutes ago, so that's great
power.
Yeah. You too.
You too have a good day.
Bye.