Hey, how are you?
You're doing well, what's going on?
I know worry so, may I ask what state you're in?
I'm actually in florida.
Um well central florida, so just around Tampa area.
No. Yeah, well right now tonight is nice, it's around 50°,,
so. Mhm.
Yeah, very it's much needed compared with being uh in the 80s the past few days.
I work with the automotive, the industry um just admin doing clerical work, sending out agreements more, not
work from home though.
What about yourself?
Okay, may I ask what major in?
No
I give you props because I know that is not an easy major to go in.
Just.
Yeah, because I know transportation, just a planning development implementation, just I could only imagine just what you're going to have to do in the future
business management. So I graduated
with
the undergraduate
Back in 2011 so business management um I
used to work for a large elevator corporation for six
years. Um they relocated their headquarters to Atlanta, so um decided
not to go with them and got a severance package and um decided to stay here, take some time, you know, relax with that severance money. And then I got this job thinking I would just um do a few months of this working from home, but once Covid hit and everything started locking down, I'm like I guess I'm kind of lucky to get this job at this time. Yeah, trust
me, it's not the best, it's uh you know, it really has no benefits um and the pay is low compared to what I was making previously, but you know, ever since this started a pandemic, I'm like I'll suck it up and here we are, you know, I started in december last year and here we are, mid november. Mhm.
I
mean,
me, if there were opportunities in the regular time, I would have left this job a long time ago. I mean it's nice to work from home that's the benefit right there. Um you know I really somewhat long hours but you know I don't have to be by my phone like every single minute. So it does have a little pros you know I do a little side things you know off topic when you know working from home doing laundry, washing dishes, something like that compared to driving. Especially here in the Tampa Bay area. It's horrendous with the commute.
Um driving here was one of the highest insurance rates in the whole country just because of fraudulent. It's one of the highest here because the stage rex over here people you know faking direct just to hit you to get the insurance money and that. It's a mix of everyone, mostly people from the northeast, they really don't know how to drive. They come down here and every single day I can tell you I hear on the radio there's a wreck somewhere off the road.
but how long have you been doing a prolific for?
02 months? That's nice.
Can I ask you how that process goes then? Would prolific because I was always curious the back side of it.
actually gave me a different viewpoint just because of that as well too. I mean I'm not gonna lie once in a while, you know some of these questions I'm just like, you know, I pay attention
But to understand that you said you almost go through a year and all these experts that go through that like that's gives me a different viewpoint now, just like, wow you actually didn't just do this 20 minutes ago, you know, I got the funding approved then just shoot it out there too prolific.
I'm
jeez, so I guess the funding part goes in with all the experts in order to get the funding, you'd have to go through all these experts to prove it to get that.
because
well, I'm also curious how
these university gets these fundings um you know,
I'm pretty sure, you know, better up labs is not the university related, but I'm like every time this is my fifth time doing this. So I'm just curious, you know, where they get the funding to get this completed? I mean,
I
don't know,
probably a couple
100 people
and like,
I don't believe so. I mean it's
the people are talking to so far.
That's
true.
I didn't even think of that the marketing aspect of it. I just thought just like I really just thought like having two strangers how they interact with each other. You know what type of topic? So you know I guess with the topics from there to talk about sports to entertainment I don't even think of that wow you actually changed my,
yeah that's true. That's true. I mean.
Oh yeah that's very true. All right it's really interesting wow you really changed my
mind with this whole aspect just just by having this conversation over here
wow. I mean how many times have you done this so far then?
I guess to Floridian smell.
I'm talking
to a person from Washington
D. C. Rhode
island.
Another one in Jacksonville florida Georgia and now Arizona with you. Uh
Actually no I've spoken to someone from Los Angeles area as well
so yeah L. A. So it's it's interesting how I'm spread out from the country so far.
Um All of them are well um your feet is coming in pretty well. Um It was just a second with a hiccup. But uh
to I guess interviews ago the person I guess had horrific feet like it was delayed, Her audio was five minutes off so I could see what she's speaking in real time
By the time when I heard her question was five minutes later. But at the end
I will still be I guess
I
plead
with
better
at collapse
and like hey
I still did this for 25
minutes. Can still compensate
me fully because of that. They
I found an account, you know, they
fully
compensated me for that even though it's horrific. You know video
feed.
Yeah. I mean,
so far I've
been paid, you know, pretty promptly.
Um I'm still waiting I guess from the one from last night, so I guess
they're probably
taking more time to analyze maybe my videos now from my interactions
and then, but they've been pretty prompt payment.
Yeah, I mean,
Yeah, I mean easily it was no issue at all, especially with the horrible feet, but about 90 minutes. I was quite quite a lengthy conversation there,
so
it
looks like is it hazy outside in uh in Arizona over there?
What what's
the temperature?
Oh wow. Yeah, that is beautiful out there.
that's pretty nice. I'm just just working from home over here in my home. Well disorganized. My little office over here, But
yeah, I mean that's pretty true. Um I'm curious like I guess that if this is working on there and like what are your current interest especially like being in Arizona?
Okay. So how long have you been here for?
So you just think
for the PhD and then after
you graduate?
Is there,
Okay. So you, I guess your main focuses do public, I didn't know
if you want to go let government
because the transportation
that's always needed or something like that.
now, how is, uh, if I may ask, how is life in Arizona? I've only visited a couple of times like to the Grand Canyon make.
30
countries,
200
fittings. You'd like to settle down in Arizona.
Oh yeah, that's good. Considering what the current climate. Right.
Yeah. Well you have one thing or being out west. Um, my favorite, if, if I were like fast
food chain
will
be in and out.
That's
one thing I just missed going out west for anything from west of texas basically. It's just, I don't know, it's just quick, cheap and excellent customer service always for me.
So uh born and raised over here, um my parents are from two ethnic backgrounds where my father is from the Czech Republic,
South of Prague essentially. Yeah.
mean did you like it?
Not
yet?
I haven't gone in almost 20
years,
so it's it's a great city to go to.
Oh wow. Yeah, recent for me um and my mother is from Southeast Asia, so I'm basically a mix.
so yeah, both my parents immigrated here and I'm the first generation, you know,
us
over here.
being born and raised in the south is a little different, you know, compared
to, you know, to any geographic location in the US over here.
I mean both being born and raised, I live, you know scalping Tampa but I'm from across the bay so it's it can be politically divisive as well. Um drivers
out here, yeah, drivers out here are horrendous. First off I told you it's an insurance rates are often no matter where you drive over here because it's except it's a mix of everyone up from the Northeast. So they take their start their styles and habits, bring it down here and then there's basically like essentially road range every day. The construction
here as well. It's not helping it just because of the flow traffic. Like the construction project is not even five minutes away from over here, it's always five years behind that, you know, that's how it typically goes.
Whatever you typically build right now is you know, a project from five years ago, so you already behind and you have to plan ahead for future transportation projects. So
I
mean nothing but building
homes around the vicinity are just blowing up, you know, um population, the third largest state in the whole union over here. So it gets a bit crazy, just a mix of everyone over here, so,
but
it is, yeah,
I mean
you could say that, I mean to a certain degree, I mean you said I love it here, the
weather, I hate miserably because being born and raised here for you know my whole life, it's summertime gets hot and humid right now. Like I love, you know the weather being in the high fifties, but I mean besides that the
more people, the largely become the more problems you bring in the fall two at the same time. I
mean
Arizona is a much smaller
state compared, you know, like texas has its own problems, California, the largest state. You know, it has its own issues, florida is just starting to emerge itself with more problems. So it's, I like it. You know, I go to the beach is from time to time, but you know, on the weekends I go to, you know, with my fiancee
to walt Disney world. So that's my little skin.
Yeah, it's in Orlando, so it's a little over an hour drive. You know, I go early in the
morning
and spend the whole day over there. I mean, just because of the restrictions with covid and everything, you know, it's a nice escape, especially if they're doing a long work week, especially from home. Um I just want
to get out from the house and just go somewhere. Both.
Uh Yeah it was so it was
a couple couple resorts that they were closed for people to access when you were going to Disney World. So you know I took the monorail that went around the resort where most of the NBA players were staying. I mean you can.
So
it's
only
Yeah, so they do have a monorail system, it's only two of the four parks, it's been there since 1971. It
severely outdated the type of transportation they have
there, It's been out of place
need
to
be replaced 20 years ago. First off. So
Bombardieri
I
guess,
you
know he's
been trying to lobby this
need to do that. But I guess there's especially the covid situation now they just want to spend, you know, a couple of billion dollars to upgrade their current transportation sleek.
Oh I love it, Don't get me wrong, the monorails
are,
wait
it's
a great way for transportation
but
it's just so severely
outdated
with these issues
and just
upkeep
of
it. I mean you're on normal your millions upon millions of people, you can't afford it just like you know subway system that you work or something. It needs to get updated over time. Mhm.
Oh my God, it's organized essentially. I have no idea how it gets done,
it lasts so long but it costs so much to probably just to operate and improve your just you have this big budget. Now, is there a metro system in Arizona
or?
that's nice. I mean we only
heard, yeah we have light rail from Miami to I think west Palm Beach. So they're trying to explain Virgin. They're expanding hopefully from Miami all the way to Orlando to Tampa,
it's going to be high speed um from I think from Miami to Orlando and then um I'm not sure from Orlando to Tampa what type of, you know, it might be like real.
it's very true. Oh yeah, I mean I love flying but at the same time I love
to
when I went to europe, you know just taking an old fashioned train, you know, works once in a while.
the same time unfortunately if you can grab a flight cheaper than a training right over here you kind of look look that's like so
sir. But
no the pleasure speaking to you.
Oh no, no worries, no worries. But I wish you the best of luck you know in
your PhD and
I hope
you
have a great life in Arizona.
nice to talk to you as well. All right, you have a good night.