Yeah. Don't. Uh huh. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Hello?
Good, how are you?
Nothing's going on, I forgot about this meeting and then I'm outside. I was like let's do this right here right now.
I'm in Arizona. What about you?
Oh. Uh where is that? Miami
Tampa? I hear temple is nice.
No.
no not too bad, not too bad.
Oh you what do you do there?
What?
Okay. Okay. Sounds cool.
I'm a grad student at the S. U. Original State University.
sure I'm in transportation, I'm doing transportation. Uh Transportation
planning. Yeah. Working with this autonomous vehicles, stuff like that. Yeah.
Thank you. Yeah
it's it's kind of challenging but it's fun. Yeah.
Yeah. Thank you so much. What's your background
does
not
mean? Um
No
kitty.
Mhm.
Yeah.
I have friends here, they're about to graduate. They don't want to grocery eight basically. Because
the
job yeah. Job market is you don't know what to expect right now. Yeah.
Heat.
uh That's crazy. That's crazy. Yeah.
prolific. I just started actually it's been two months.
So um normally I am at the other end of the experiments, I'm the one who designed the survey is putting prolific all this stuff. Yeah, that's just crazy. Right?
So I'm not doing actually the prolific. Um So but I can I can tell you how we design everything about the survey. So normally it really depends on the research question. But if something is like comprehensive, I would say like 2030 minutes surveys. So in order to design site surveys unit like at least like 10 people experts, I would say. And plus about a year you lifted literally work in every aspect of the survey that fits your agenda that you know, uh also like make people appeals, right? I feel that the subjects but it takes a lot of time. I would say. I was really surprised when beginning this at the beginning of that. Because you would say it's just like a survey, right? You're asking random questions to people. But honestly it was much more than this. They have to be somewhere somewhat related so that you can analyze. You don't analyze in person to person generally you're analysing the whole groups in the aggregate aggregate groups. Uh So that's why you, that's why it's a little bit like more complicated in a way that you have to make sure that you know, everybody replies to it with full honesty. Because if somebody is just messed it up, you would say in the aggregate analysis you would see that somebody messed up, wow.
that, skip this. Yeah. All right.
yeah, yeah, but it's it's it's not that bad though. It's like you can always um what do you say? You can always delayed the inconsistent records. Yeah,
but it's just like, you know what I feel in the prolific first. I mean besides the money thing, you contributed something, right? You contribute to something that, you know, people are trying to understand the world and perhaps those are the people with good intentions and they can make the world a better place. So, uh I was like, I would always try to be, you know, whatever I am. You know, even if someone asks you a friend asks you a question and then you reply to it. You reply to him. You are not always honest, right? You always kept something inside. So but even prolific. I'm trying to be like literally as honest as to myself. If I ask some question to myself and then reply to it, I would I would go follow the same approach.
uh Not really because you don't you like we don't have the workforce to go and check every record. You have some like checking, you know, testing mechanisms. You know, if that's why you see that kind of like double check questions like okay, if you are reading this question, choose disagree. So those are kind of like the checks but it's not like you cannot go, you know in every person's records and spend some time if it's consistent or not. Yeah
it's it's yeah it's not it doesn't work that way. You don't have to work force. Yeah.
There's no.
What?
So
this
particular
experiment,
your
fifth time for this? This experiment? Okay. So I haven't looked at like who does better uh better up labs, Right? Federal lab. Yeah. I don't know if it's affiliated to any university. You do know.
So,
so I'm not sure like if this is part of a university setting, but the universities are normally getting fundings from many different sources. So say it's um National Science Foundation, they have billions of billions of dollars for research purposes. There are different companies, they are just, you know, outsourcing their research projects. So there are yeah, there are Ngos. They want, you know, some things to be research basically. And you know, the university professors are here ready to work uh something like that. But for better up love. I am not sure if it's affiliated to the university but this experiment by itself, it's very risky I would say. Yeah, I mean imagine this. So we are talking as to strangers. All right. They know everything about us right now. How we can connect right to to to strangers, how we can connect what kind of things we can talk. You know, especially for your case. That's your fifth experiment. They can also compare you this conversation to the previous one. Like
what
is the difference? Yeah. And then for marketing purposes you are off the hook. You can be easily manipulated by generating different policies, tailored marketing. Right.
Yeah. There are american for aspects of it. You can you can use this kind of experiment for building and uh matching application. Right. Tinder.
Yeah. They can they can profile you they can profile me if we can get along they can find someone somebody else just like us and you know match. And that would be a good match. I think that's not no harm to that. But they can also use this for political purposes.
That's
Yeah. I'm happy to hear that I was expecting.
This is my second time honestly. Uh yeah. My first time is with a 70 year old, 70 year old white woman from Florida.
Yeah. It's like yeah. At the beginning when you said florida, I was like always Floridians
I want.
What
are
you?
I am the most, Yeah, that's the most I guess. Right.
L. A. Okay.
I was wondering how was your experience with them?
fast.
Everything.
video.
It's
the first
one
we
have to watch
in Pakistan.
I
don't care.
So what?
All
Excellent.
Store
little back.
They did that. Okay. Okay.
Don't
worry.
I'm not convinced.
Level
number.
Hello? No.
Because I have one at the beginning. It took like 90 minutes and then just connection cut off. Yeah like this book for 90 minutes for uh with a guy from Washington Area Seattle's and then it's just you know the connection cut off After 90 minutes. And I did I I wasn't thinking about to ask for compensation. So now that you gave me the idea I
can do I can give it a try.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I can imagine. Thank
you so
much.
It's actually like the best best time of the year right now. It's very pleasant.
You
wanna you wanna see around I think it's about 70.
Yeah. So I'm closed the university by a cafe. Yeah.
Yeah that's that's pretty much same for everyone right now.
so I'm I I came here for my PhD basically. Two for yeah I'm doing PhD right now. It's my like I'm almost finishing my Turkey here so there is a very good professor here I would say. It's like you know I was dreaming to work with him basically. Uh Yeah and then you know somehow it happened and I came here and happy to be here. Yeah.
Uh so I'm not born in I wasn't born in the us so I'm from I'm from Turkey. You should have you should have called this from excellent. Anyway, so yeah, I'm I'm from Turkey. I moved here three years ago, 2018. Yeah
and
no
I'll be here now. I'll be here so I'm planning to live here. Yeah. Find
a position in the university. That's my yeah that's my mango.
That's
You
have a valid drug.
So for now it's like we have a lot of options right with the emerging technologies you know people lived a lot of autonomous vehicles and many public agencies, the federal government and all this stuff so we have lots of options but you know I always wanted to be a professor and I'll try to do that if I can. So that's what I would do.
I'd say it's I really I love it here basically. Yeah. Yeah it's uh I have lived in yeah I have lived in D. C. before in 2011. I really liked that place too. And I have seen like more than 30 countries right there around
the world.
Yeah. Yeah and in in us I have seen almost 30 states. Yeah in my entire life I have seen I guess more than 200 cities all over the world and this is pretty much I really like it here. Very peaceful. People are. Yeah. Yeah
people are. Yeah.
I can send along here. I I wouldn't mind. So people are very I don't like the people they are very peaceful I would say the politics politics wise and everything is not really terrible.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Friends with immigrants and everything. So I think at least that's my experience so far.
Seriously
how
much
you know now that yeah
it's everywhere. Yeah.
Yeah I go there. So what about you? You you are originally from their florida.
truck. Uh
yeah, I've been there. Yeah.
Yeah, it was very, very nice. I love
the
city. Yeah, I love the city.
It's
possible.
Yeah, I've been there 2013 ideas or 12.
Oh, that's, that's a very good mixture. I like it. Yeah.
Number
one. Well,
yeah, that's that's a very different experience that yeah.
Given,
I can imagine. Yeah. How is the people there? Do you like it? Not much?
I can imagine.
come on.
Yeah, I can imagine.
Yeah, I can
imagine
what
But
that's, yeah, that's interesting because normally, you know when you, when someone says florida, you always, you know what comes to your mind first is like something positive, right, vacation time, you know, all the beaches
and
then, and then if you talk to someone who actually lives in florida, I get the impression that they are not as happy.
no,
great.
I
can imagine.
That's
What?
what in Orlando?
let's
go.
that
sounds like fun. Was it, was it open during the NBA season? NBA system?
Unless
so there
there is, there's a monorail inside. I
never
been there. That's why I'm asking. Yeah,
Well
that's
question
Alice
for,
there's working tenants in the pilot.
How do you know that you
are
one of
them?
Are you
doing
yeah, yeah, I can imagine. No,
no,
no,
no, no. Yeah. Oh,
just
do
what he says.
what
he says,
that's
why you're
going
there.
The subway system in new york. Oh my God it's so chaotic.
Yeah it's so crazy. Yeah.
We
only have a yeah we only have a light light rail a small light rail but they are trying to explain. Yeah.
because
so they're gonna have high speed
All right. Um I mean high speed work so I do like high speed yeah yeah
Well
you,
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah europe is full of trains. I love it. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah absolutely man I think we came to end right. It's
yeah it's so much nice talking to you.
Yeah I I didn't want to even to interrupt you speaking.
thank
you so much thank
you so
much.
Yeah thank you so much Youtube. I was very nice yeah very nice to talk to you.
Yeah. You too take care.