Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah mm. Mhm. Mhm wow. Yeah yeah yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Sure. Okay.
Hello?
yes I can hear you. Can you hear me? All right
Yeah they don't give you any um Uh huh.
Um well
it's it's one o'clock here. What time is it there?
Mountain time? Yes I'm in uh New Mexico
colorado.
Uh Well I'm in Southern New Mexico like an hour from the border. Um
uh So you've been to what santa fe Albuquerque?
No not at all. Uh I've drove to colorado once um all the way from down here to fort Collins.
Yeah that's that's north colorado right? It was a long time ago. Okay.
Do
you
move
for
school
or?
And you moved from where
Cool.
Uh Pretty much my entire life but a couple years ago I spent a couple years in Ohio and Kentucky but
that that's where the other half of my family lives and yet it's a huge difference and I made the mistake of going there in the winter. Yeah.
As
oh elevation wise. Um You know I mean New Mexico is rather flat but we have mountains on the west side. But yeah our elevation probably is like a lot lower than your guys is. Uh
I
I honestly don't know what the elevation is though.
Yeah that sounds about right but on the like on the snow topic throughout the entire winter it might snow maybe three days and and you know it like immediately melts and evaporates. So yeah but
that doesn't mean it doesn't get cold because at night it does get to freezing temperatures and water pipes can burst etcetera.
I'm here.
man.
It was
it
was a shock. Yeah the humidity for one. But the winter like I went from here where it was nice and sunny and nice, 70 degrees like it is now and to to like two ft of snow. I'm not used to walking around in two ft of snow. So it was a big shock. Big difference.
Well,
I
did pack for the occasion um but I still underestimated it without a doubt.
No.
I've
never been skiing. I've always wanted to I've been water skiing, but that
snow
skiing.
it
was back in the day though. But see that's another thing about new Mexico. You know, we have desert landscape, we do have mountains, then we have forest and then we have two decent sized lakes right in the center. So you
know that's
the ones that I'm talking about, our cab bio and elephant butte.
if
you look at, if you look at the bottom of the map near like Las cruces, that's about the area I'm in, so you can see how far it is down there.
Uh huh. Well ever since college, you know, there's little odds and ends but nothing too spectacular. But ever since I got out of college I just stay home. So, so what keeps me busy is just the internet period gaming survey taking this stuff.
Yeah, prolific. And then some other platforms that I found
in turk uh the main ones are prolific and in Turkey, the other ones are all gimmicky stuff like swag bucks.
Yeah, I mean I I make like 25 bucks a month off of it if that, so I mean it's something but yeah, it's nothing compared to prolific or
turk.
without a doubt.
Yeah. I actually prefer prolific. I just wish there was more surveys because Mturk is in Turkey is tons 24 7. But sometimes sometimes you run into really terrible surveys and with prolific, uh you know, that's very, very rare in my opinion.
Right. I leave mine open to and I also have a notification that uh little being and say uh new surveys available and prolific so I can listen for it instead of watching the screen constantly.
I
didn't
even know they had a text alert
and
Yeah, I've been doing this for quite a while and uh last solid job I honestly had was about three years ago. It's not that I make enough from this. I just, my wife, she works for the school districts and yeah, she's my sugar mama. So I'm doing fine. I just make the extra side cash for fun. Right.
There's
is there a specific job you're looking for? What was your major?
yeah, figure it out eventually. Right.
well unless unless
it's
walmart
I want to
what
you got
there.
Yeah of course
indeed, I
almost I almost whenever I was in Kentucky took a warehouse job,
yeah, but I decided against it uh come
um well pc and Xbox, just a little bit of everything, a couple of tournaments here and there
but not really favorites, but I I focus on an excel at like strategy, card games, uh
magic, the gathering hearthstone stuff like that, but I play, I play a little bit of everything though. Okay.
missed. Oh wow, that's yeah, that's old
school
that's fun.
Uh I got my wife to game and she's a little bit of everywhere whenever it comes to genres as well, but you know it's fun to play together.
I started playing the game just a couple weeks before they started showing the show and my wife started reading the books before they started showing the show and then we watched it together and it has been a while so uh you know so many shows to keep up with but uh
we both discussed it and tried to figure out the timelines and what it was really interesting but like according to the books it's it's kind of uh uh like each story is it's not in order so so it so we both found it enjoyable because it wasn't the same thing that we were doing, you know me playing the game, her reading the books and then we came together. Yeah.
Perfect.
What
we
go to
we go to second hand bookstores and we can find some gyms here and there and I don't care if they're used
and
and my wife is actually uh the librarian at the school now
so she rifles through a ton of books.
She
used to teach that she used to teach high school and then she got the library position at I guess you would call it middle school uh 7th and 8th or 16th, seventh.
Somewhere
in the middle.
Yeah because even in the same town whenever I was a student we had junior high and it was just like 6th and 7th and now they switched it to like 7th and 8th and called it middle school. I don't know.
See I was gonna say it doesn't even make sense to have junior high as sixth grade because you're not even close to high school. So it always confused me too.
No.
cooperate.
depending
on when the school year started and yeah.
it's
confusing but it's it's so fun to learn about. Yeah.
She
just pulled
it. Yeah.
But
Oh man. Um in Las cruces uh they this is a couple years ago but they they put in a roundabout you know what they use in europe or whatever and people freaked out, they didn't know what the hell to do and uh yeah
it's still there though I think people got used to it but when it first got in there people are just that insane.
I had a friend, some chick in college and she got stuck on the roundabout and I swear she went around it like 25 times before
she
got out and I was just
sitting in the passenger seat. Uh
It
was
that's insane.
I'll have
to look
that up.
That that would confuse me
was to
avoid
that.
And
like, like we said it's it's fun to learn about and then me growing up in this tiny town because I'm not from cruises, I'm a town over, but I went to college increases. But this town, whenever I was growing up, this town only had one stoplight. It was that tiny and now we're up to like, I don't know, six, but but it's evolved and you can, you know, we still have tiny streets because that's all we needed back in the day and now things are getting crowded so it has to evolve and uh
it's interesting.
that's
all we
can hope
for
Indeed.
Oh, ice. It looks like 27 minutes on my side.
okay.
I think so. Well, one last question then, just just to make sure we're in the clear, what do you think the researchers are looking for whenever they're giving us these studies?
I don't know. This is my, I think this is my fifth conversation and
I
always
bring
up
the question and everybody says the same thing, which is, I don't know, but
about the
mood thing. But and then I was thinking, you know, it could relate to the increase in and communication. Like even jobs that are using zoom and stuff and
how
people actually communicate. But I have no idea.
I think
my first one was like in april I believe.
All
yeah, enjoy the rest of your day as well.