Hello?
You hear me hear me? Hi, how's it going,
yep, I can hear you. 12 well how how is it going? I don't have any gun lines for what we're supposed to talk about so
the the first time I did these they said that they might but they never never did so Yeah
yeah
it's also one o'clock so you must also, sorry I just dropped something. He must also be located in mountain time.
Oh cool. I am in colorado. In
the Denver. Yeah, so cool. What's it like there in New Mexico these days? I haven't been to New Mexico for about a year or so.
okay. I don't think I've ever been down there,
yep and tao santa fe Albuquerque, drove from santa fe to um Sedona but I don't think that took us particularly farce out.
okay, that's a long drive,
Yeah that's like about an hour north of Denver and Denver is actually already in the northern half of the state. I only moved here a couple months ago, so I'm still kind of getting the the full sense of the geography to, but I have been visiting for a while so
and
then
that drive
from
color.
Um Well actually I moved, I just finished grad school and moved here. This is where my boyfriend lives, so I moved here when I finished school, so kind of the opposite. I moved after school
from Oregon. Yeah.
Yeah. How long have you been in New Mexico for?
that's pretty different.
No, now. Okay. Yeah, I suppose in southern New Mexico you probably don't get that much snow. Is it as high there as it is in other parts of New Mexico elevation
line?
Let's see
where,
Okay, I'm gonna say about like 6000 ft. I just remember, because I actually I grew up in Minnesota. Um But I um I don't think they're there anymore but used to have a lot of family in the santa fe area. So we had a family reunion there when I was a kid and we did my nuclear family did a smaller trip um did a trip that the reunion was part of. And um I remember learning that the lowest point in New Mexico is higher than the highest point in Minnesota. And I found that it's like 2000 something feet I think is the highest point in Minnesota. So your lowest point is something above that.
Mhm.
Oh yeah those desert areas, they get so cold in the night time. Like even here once the sun where I live were kind of right in the foothills of the mountains and once the sun goes behind the mountains, even though it's usually like an hour longer until it's actually sunset, you can feel the temperatures start to drop immediately the second the sun goes down, it gets old
fast. But yeah, I bet living in Ohio and Kentucky was a little different with all the extra
moisture
and
everything.
Yeah. Did you at least have people who were able to like lindy warm clothes and teach you
how to walk like a penguin on ice and stuff
like that?
it always takes a little bit of time to get used to cold to even if it's something that, you know, it's coming like here, it was 75 I think pretty much all last week. And then um I went skiing down in Southern Colorado this weekend because they got a lot of snow and some of the ski areas are actually open. It was like 15. And even though I mean you know if you're going skiing you're somewhat mentally prepared to encounter snow and cold but it still felt really really cold after having been in like shorts and a T shirt for pretty
much the entire week previous to skiing. So yeah
that's a new.
I've
never
been water skiing. That's I find water skiing really impressive
seen.
But
like for those serious,
cool, interesting. I really liked New Mexico a lot when I visited. So just interested in the state. I thought like when I first visited when I was I think I was in like fifth grade so what is that like 10? I thought it was really cool. And then yeah when we went through Northern New Mexico last year it's a really beautiful state. Okay. Yeah I'm just looking at a google maps, looking at at the map of the state, but yeah, wow, I forgot how far north santa fe and really even Albuquerque is definitely like north
central.
Yeah. Yeah, that's pretty, pretty far down there. And you said that's where you grew up. Cool. Very neat. That's that is fun. So what what keeps you busy down there in Southern New Mexico?
Do you know a lot of prolific surveys
do you use? Which other ones do you use? I'm curious to use like mturk and
Oh yeah, I tried to black bucks for a little bit, but I really I ended up feeling like it wasn't worth my time.
Everything.
Yeah. I just got frustrated with swag books because it also it just felt so spammy. I just felt like I was,
yeah, I was just like exposing myself to all sorts of spam that I didn't want to have to deal with later too. But yeah, I have never really haven't gotten into Mturk yet. I think I technically signed up for an account, but this didn't really take the time to really understand the platform and ended up spending more time on prolific and doing other stuff. So, but I know that it's a big one that people use.
Yeah, they're usually pretty good. But you're right, I can go days without getting a survey on prolific. I usually just leave the tab open all the time while I'm doing other stuff and try to keep my eye on it. And if I see something, you know, you have to like run over super fast and try to grab it and I feel like probably a quarter of the time, maybe even more. I still don't get it because somebody else has grabbed a spot faster than I could.
Oh is that the the extension noted fire? I haven't, I used to have the phone one until that one got discontinued but I should reinstall or I should install the the the survey, the extension, the chrome extension is, it does
seem
weird.
Well that was cheers. It was at least six months ago now that it's been
made obsolete maybe even longer and I don't remember what the thing, it was some update that it was no longer compatible with and it was enough of a big change in the update that the people who made the notify air didn't feel like they could make a new version that was compatible or it wasn't worth their effort. Um But yeah, that's interesting to know though that mturk is um like pretty much always has surveys available because I I just recently finished grad school and it is not a good job market right now. So I've been looking for creative ways to make some income.
I mean a little bit of a similar situation right now though I'm not married to my boyfriend, but yeah, he's he's able to support me right now, which is awesome. But I am looking forward to the days when I feel like I am also making a contribution to our, to our expenses because I'm not making enough on prolific right now for it to really make any noticeable difference. But you know,
somebody better than nothing.
Um I studied geography and environmental science in grad school. Um so what I would like to do is some sort of like ecology or um also I've done a lot of cartography, so any sort of like matt making and even broader, like some sort of, I wouldn't want to say graphic design because I'm not a graphic designer, but stuff that use those skills that you use in cartography would be really cool. But I've really been having a hard time finding any of those sorts of jobs. So it's kind of seeming like I might have to branch out a little bit more and start looking at private industry jobs and I did that before grad school and it was fine. It's just not exactly what I want to do. So I kind of have to decide, you know, there's a trade off between like waiting for the perfect job and some job is better than no job. So I kind of have to to deal with the existential questions with what that means for me.
It's just an unfortunate time though because even in a good job marketing economy, I think right around the holidays, it's not usually a time when most companies are looking to hire. Um So
well unless you're looking
for
a seasonal retail position, right? You're right. You're right though right now with everything. I don't know how many of those jobs are getting because we just went in the Denver area, we just went back to I think they call it actually. I think we're using color coded things for covid stuff. We're in either orange or red now where
restaurants
are down
to 25%
capacity again, who knows what will happen with businesses. So I feel like most companies aren't going to be doing like the big black friday midnight tales that they need to staff for and all sorts of stuff like that this year. So mhm. I don't know. The amazon always needs people they're always hiring.
Mhm. But I hear that that's kind of a backbreaking work, literally back breaking.
Not
With amazon.
Yeah, I think, yeah, amazon's an interesting company. I definitely benefit from it a lot but sometimes I have mixed feelings about it too. Yeah. And it's funny because I moved here from not Seattle but from Oregon so close though like in the pacific northwest and it's just such a big part of the economy there being such a big part of our whole country's economy. So yeah, it's interesting stuff to think about. But yeah. So what kind of gaming do you do?
No court. What are there any games that you particularly focus on? Our particular favorites?
interesting.
I am really terrible at most games but I enjoy watching them because these days the video game designers and the just the capabilities with graphics are so amazing that it's really beautiful to watch. So I did really when I was a kid I played missed and I really loved that game.
it's
old school. Yeah, but my boyfriend and I recently went through another game from that same studio called Abduction, which was the same style of game, which was really fun. It's a pc game, but it was another just like puzzle game with going in between different worlds and trying to figure out some big puzzle and just like really beautiful imaginative settings and interesting puzzles and stuff like that. It was it was fun and it was interesting to do it together because we we're of course like those are single player games. So we were just, you know, like one person driving the other person watching, but trying to, it was nice to have our different strengths, like he's good at building mental maps of things. So he could really easily be like, oh we need to go to this spot and could remember exactly how we got there, and like sometimes I would notice details that he hadn't seen all that sort of stuff, so it was
an experience.
Yeah. Well, and then my my boyfriend recently last winter, he spent a lot of evenings when we uh just like after work evenings um playing the Witcher, which is another really interesting game. Yeah, have you played it? Yeah, it was which are three was what he was doing and uh yeah, that that is a beautiful game in really like morally interesting lot of kind of ambiguous questions in it. And it was cool that the the netflix show came out that that fall he had already been playing I guess he played it because he started playing in the end of the summer because he was already a lot of the way through the game when the show came out and that wasn't what like december or something last year I think it was a while ago but and that was have you seen the netflix series? What did you think of it?
etcetera.
And there was still some new things in the show for your book to to see. Yeah that is cool. I want to read the books. I have not read them yet because of course you know once the show came out they were really hard to get from the library like really
long waiting lists. So I have not gotten them yet. And I just I like to get books from the library instead of paying for them less.
I
love
it.
Yeah, totally. Yeah, that's
a great, I should do that more often. I need to find a good second hand bookstore here.
I'm cool.
Mhm. What kind of school does she teach at elementary, middle high school or
library?
Yeah. I would
say that the middle school,
you didn't interesting how different states and even different school districts within different states have different breakdowns of where elementary middle school in middle and high school go.
Sure. Yeah. I've actually I've always really kind of wondered what exactly junior high is because that's not a term. We really used it all in Minnesota. Um But you know of course I would come across that like in books as a kid and stuff like that because I was a pretty voracious reader, but I was never really shirt Which which grades? That was like, does that mean that it's like ninth and 10th grade? Because you're like the early
Yeah. It's weird. Yeah, we had pretty straightforward, like elementary school was K through five, middle school was six through eight, and then high school was nine through 12
and that was pretty consistent across the state. But um yeah, definitely not consistent across the country. Like,
like when I went to college in a different part of the country, there are a lot of people from places with very different systems and like different birthday cutoffs to. So there were a lot of people in my class who if they had been born in Minnesota would have been in a different year for me, just because in Minnesota, that cut off is at
the end of july
Yeah. It's kind of funny how we are one country, but there's actually so much variety within the country really in any system. Once you start really digging down into it, it's kind of fun. But it also can make it confusing to travel
sometimes.
The one that I find it annoying those with driving, like when you go to a different state and can I turn right on right on the state? I don't know like you can, where I learned how to drive, but some states have different things or like in colorado. Um, as long as you are in the intersection, when the light turns red, you can go through. So people have a tendency here to really
accelerate
when they see
Yeah. And when I was taught to drive, I guess I actually haven't gone and checked to see what the actual laws in Minnesota, but it was like very much emphasized both in driver's ed and like from parents and are driving instructors and everything that like when you see a yellow light unless it is unsafe for you to slow down because you're like at the introduction line and you'll be slamming on the brakes like you need to slow down for a yellow light. So my boyfriend actually, he still always kind of like gently yells at me when I slow down for your whole life because he's like, you know, you can go through that right? Like it's just so
automatic. We're supposed to stop with yellows but
Mm
So confused. Yeah. They really are great. But it does take a little bit of time to get used to them. We actually, we have a bunch in our neighborhood here. We just have, we have three just kind of like the road, the main road that you get off of to get into the neighborhood. So I've definitely become used to them. But it's also funny to see the tracks from people, especially when it snows a little bit. You can see that decided to go straight over because one of them is so small that they don't have a statue or anything in the middle of it. Like a lot of the others because I think bigger trucks would just not be able to make that the required um turn and like stay on the road. But yeah, you see what are clearly just regular cars have just go on straight across. And so I think those cases it's less people not knowing what to do and more people just being like, I just want to go straight through the traffic circle of care, feeling invasion
You
know?
man
mm So that
must have been one
of the big like multi lane roundabout. Those are, yeah. Yeah that makes sense. I see the pictures of like the one in um I think it's in paris that's like 11 lanes that you see pictures
of. It sounds, yeah that sounds scary even
the
feeling
confident about it. I think it's around the Arc de Triomphe but I'm not positive but it just sounds like a really weird thing to drive through. Like you really have to know what your plan is there because you know like here I don't think in the U. S. I've seen around about with more than three lanes and that was in D. C. Where things are weird where they have stop lights in the middle of roundabout. But
yeah it was it was like wait I had the whole point of around about was to make traffic
flow
smoothly
and avoid chocolates. Yeah so I don't know what the history of that is like it might just be that they didn't have the capacity or I don't know. But here I feel like with the two laying around about like as long as you check out the signs beforehand and know which exit you're getting off at you can know which lane to be in but when it's more lanes I don't I don't know what you do. So yeah.
Right about very interesting though.
sure. Yeah.
Well hopefully it's being done intelligently and not in a way that just like haphazard and making making things
worse
for
the future.
Yeah. Yeah but it's hard to know what things are gonna look like in the future, hindsight is 2020
yep. Yeah. Well I think we've actually have, we reached our 25 minutes?
Yeah I think that's what I see two. I opened the survey a little early so I'm at 29. But I think we started like right after one. Yeah
we're probably pretty good. Yeah.
That's a great question. I suspect that it has to do with how your mood and energy level changes with talking to a person that you don't know because you know like those are the only questions I ask you at the beginning and then at the end it's a lot of questions about like your mood and how you think that the other person perceived your conversation and like you have equal time shared in the conversation and stuff like that. But yeah. What what do you think?
I
think.
Thank
you
actually.
Yeah. It would be fun to know
the results.
that's
a good point.
Yeah. That's a really interesting point. I don't remember how long ago these started, like how long they've been running these four. Is it really
consent?
Yeah, that sounds similar for me, too. So yeah, maybe it is studying online interactions because that definitely is something important right now with business being conducted like almost entirely a resume
back. Yeah. All right. We'll have a lovely rest of your boy.
All right. Hi.