Okay. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. We can only cuba mhm. What? Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yes. All right. What? Yeah. Hi. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. But okay mm. Big. Yeah. Oh thank you mm. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm mm. Yeah. You know Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm Mhm Mr mm. Something that Oh yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Six please. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. All right. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. People.
Hello? Can you hear me? Yeah.
Great. How are you? Mhm.
Yeah. Also tired minutes ago. Yeah.
the end of his shift you must be really tired. Yeah.
Right.
So is that like working overnight?
I
keep
him awake six months
Arthur
yeah. How long have you been working overnights?
Just getting into the swing of things? Probably then.
Yeah. Yeah. You can't really do much on the weekends. I bet it's hard to advanced that.
Uh I'm a teacher. Yeah. Yeah, today
is a day, so
High school.
Uh Yeah, it's cool. English, So just trying to get to sleep in just a little bit today.
Uh
huh,
skinny
errands done today.
Yeah. Um Well I'm I'm leaving friday to go
out of town, so I need to get things ready for that. Going to a dog show, which is the first time about six months. Yeah. Mhm.
I'm actually traveling freely for um going to plan, wow.
So that will be uh probably a little stressful with new regulations, but and new animals have been out ever because Right,
we're
bringing dogs to show that
there's a lucchese, which is
when I say that they're like, they're like greyhounds. Um
they're pretty soon, you might hear in the background because they're just, they just woke up.
What's the good of pack and wash dogs. I gotta put a collar on one of these parking. Uh
And I guess the other birthday I'm enrolled in the Covid vaccine trial. So I've got to get some blood and today. Yeah. seven A couple hours.
We're
not going totally open. We're on the navy schedule and then students are still allowed to be remote. So like most of the class, I've had all students, so it's
not horrible.
It's a little weird teaching students online and hybrid. So as far as safety doesn't
feel too bad. But as far as engagement, I've probably had more students fail this year than any of the other eight years. I've thought. Three.
Yeah. It's early but like I don't see a trajectory changing for a lot of these, so
it's tough because I'm sure that they would be doing better if they were in my classes. And I even have a non class. I have an honors class where like many students are failing and usually just one or two that are failing in an honors class, you know, or even sometimes none. So it's it's shocking. I've never I've never experienced that before. And
yeah, I just uh you know, colleges, I'm sure you have to write off this year because it's incredible and everyone's doing something different across the country, but I've never never had a year like this and I feel I feel pretty bad for those students who just can't handle being on long.
Different.
Warm.
yeah, I did some in my twenties for my undergrad and that was difficult. Um And then I did, I did more of it for grad school and by that time I was used to it and I did really well. Um But I think part of it was just like the experience of the instructors for teaching online, because like an undergrad, there was one that was just recorded their lectures and it's like watch lectures and that's really tough to do. Uh And of course, there's like no group assignments really because it's difficult to do something like that. On the other hand, some students are really thriving, some are doing really well and they speak up a lot, but that's a that's unusual, you know, for high schoolers and I'm kind of lucky because I've got 11th grade. Not like 9th grade, because I think that would actually be harder. But the school, the first term, 25% of courses were failed With a lot
of old, usually would be like 10% or something and usually just use the same students. It's different.
it always makes me jittery. As much as I would like to be a moment. I get to shake you on it. Sure. Well, I guess it's a good thing. I'm naturally uh, morning christian.
Yeah, you can't be a morning person.
30 years for fun outside of a uh huh.
Well,
I
mean, I guess you can't really do much during covid, but
no,
yeah, everything's open there. Right?
Yeah. Well, that's nice that you live near the beach. I've got a lot of family in florida that sometimes good on there. Not all over.
that's where I was born, but I was raised elsewhere, so mhm,
yep.
Round Miami Cross Springs, Yeah.
Okay. My brother lived there for a bit limp in there. Some, but mm hmm.
So how's how's a florida with the uh with everything? Are you can look like no restrictions or? Mhm.
Yeah that's interesting. Are people like wearing it there?
that's kind of
a problem here is I live in a rural place. Nobody wants to do bad even you know it's actually mandated here. Um You have
So that's
the way it's been interesting. It's a
not too bad with the school because I have power over students. It was for a grocery store system. Yeah. 50 Morning
Terror or hey honey. No shut up. Get
He's pretty excited here. He's he's a morning dog.
I should
have
Have
you
removed Westminster on T. V. Yeah. Dinner
and stuff like that. This dog hasn't been there, he's only seven months old so he's gonna have to experience shows for the first time. Um But that's that's what
we're doing.
I show my dogs to championship. Um It's like to prove them as quality examples of their breed. So like are they the best solution out of the solutions? They're essentially then
they are the best hound. Um
Yeah yeah I got it for about 10 years ago. Um And so ever since then I've spent all my money doing that difficult. Um But it's obvious so encompassing. It's definitely a demanding hoppy when you do it this level. Um And then I also I breed the dogs too. I just kind of started getting that but it's um not like for pets I breed show dogs just other show dogs. Much I mean some of them do good pet homes but it's uh it's a different level of that.
I only bring sweetness, it's my specialty. So put a lot of effort into that. It's it's been um quite a journey mm walks.
Thanks. Thanks. He's a great I'm from Seattle. He's a he's an interesting dog. I like him. Mhm. It was a pandemic flight. So that was that was when he was screaming the whole way back. But uh over five hours. He was not horrible. I guess he didn't go to the bathroom, worse
flowing. My phone had worse plates with talks dogs now. Mhm.
Thank you.
More.
That's kind of scary. Yeah, these guys have a like I have a band for them creates I've
gotten across country Once from here to California to show one of my dogs. And that was that was a tough trip because these guys are not really known to be wonderful eaters there, especially that wonderful eaters when they're on the road. And the dog I took in particular was not a great eater. And so it's just like after a few days losing weight which is so stressful. Pretty sure it was in particular, right.
Most of my guys are I think easier than them. He was, he was a very difficult, great
game
country.
That's really pretty.
yeah,
you just walk into the better. Oh,
That's lucky.
Yeah. Just a regular old. Okay.
I can really get mine. And they're the party had when I started with these guys was a was a Honda Civic, which I mean they're not small, they sit back, they're not small. Is there anything? I think the dog, the first hour they had
is a 28" at the shoulder, which is um
I guess I'll be about greyhound size. You've had greyhounds, right, wow.
Yeah, for sure. Yeah.
Yeah, luckily it's not too hard for these guys, but like yesterday I had to clip one them down once, particularly hairy. So I spent about an hour grooming two dogs but they couldn't warm. So it's a lot of detail work. It's not just like, let me read. It doesn't really matter if it's a perfect line, but living perfectly and yet today I have to do bass and have to keep them inside after that because they will run around and they're covered in mud. Have to tunnel. Living here mud and scarred.
It's like my my backyard is basically a swamp. Uh huh. Mm
Okay. Through my streaming I got tv um the british baking show, but we don't really want
we
washing pretty bizarre shows. We have the colonel. And so my husband's been particularly into watching old game shows. Like we watch like supermarket sweep from the nineties and 2000. Yeah,
we're watching that like back to back and then like we
watched a few days of double there. Uh
So nothing uh something super interesting or relatable. Sure.
huh. Yeah, there's really nothing happening right now, is there nobody?
Yeah. This game, I like going to the movies and that this one thing that I haven't been able to, you know, this year, just nothing has come out. 12 movie theaters are closed anyway, but downstairs. Hey. Uh huh. I should have put them outside with their like playing with,
I'm gonna send them down there with
Yeah, come on, come on. Yes, sir. Once captain just hit. Yeah. Yes. Oh.
Sorry. Okay,
a little bit less time. But one of them was like, I don't want to be downstairs.
Yeah, it's like running that that was the public around the other ones went down pretty easy. No, I just have the old man here, hopefully doesn't bark. He's like, I don't go downstairs, puppies, mm.
Um I have four right now and there's a quite this spread. The oldest one is um 9.5, and then the rest are 3 18 months and seven months. So there's like three puppies and then he's like, you know, get off my lawn on uh Yeah, I
don't blame them. Who's put up with a lot of puppies more and more than he bargained for music came in as an only dog actually.
Okay, yeah, you're gonna have to sleep right after this. Pretty much handsome
bring up around noon.
Well that would be really tough. And keeping in with that, I got a friend who works overnight at the post office and I swear she doesn't sleep so
much either just because the same thing that's trying to have your body addressed to that barely in there.
Yeah,
wow. Yeah. I assume the pay has to be good to be overnight now, but when we're coming here. Uh huh. I've got to do grocery shopping today to get that done with. It will be an adventure.
Sorry.
Mhm. I'm just I'm looking forward for today being kind of off a little bit.
Yeah I'm doing
on friday through sunday in Atlanta. It was hard enough to find it's
up. I couldn't really find a sub for friday so I just have to see my students to another teacher. I feel pretty bad about that. Um I don't normally um I don't normally do that so I I've been taking off fewer days because um I just we just can't find subs no subs wants to work in this Which I mean I don't blame them with them are fairly old so it's tough. And then the week after I'm heading to Richmond two weeks in the room to do more shows up there. No they had they have shows in florida. I was looking out for november but I just can't justify doing that. I think I don't think um that would be taking up more weekdays and since this one didn't feel at all, that's kind of stressful. I'm all right. Otherwise they probably uh I would have done that too because there's there's like a big showdown, they're big specialty. So there's lots and lots of solu piece, which is pretty uncommon because they're rare breed. Um There Maybe 3000 of them in the US. You're a lot.
Yeah so like there was only one litter born in my state last year. That would be a
it there's one born this year and it wasn't me. But yeah it's really is not want so them lot of lot of traveling to actually find other dogs sometimes. Like I'll be going to Atlanta. I thought it was going to be a lot of dogs there and it's not unfortunately it was supposed to be.
Yeah. Yeah. Any any show that was supposed to happen my state was cancelled. Um And that's just because of restrictions which is fun. Um I went to like one smaller show in a rural area though and it was so bad. Like no one was mask I just like totally wrote off the club. They were it was horrible there and like the leaking and like this is a show I never ever would have gone to if like anything remotely normal have been going on. And now I know why it was such a bad billy. It was like this like they weren't even bites on pretty much a one of a condemned warehouse.
It was a little weird. It was, yeah, it was, I don't know how much, you know about dogs, but it was like not a regular a case. Each show. Um, it was like this other like different type of registry. And I was just like, why not? I need
to take my dogs out and it was faster a complete disaster.
My dog did really well because she was probably one of the few dogs for quality there. Oh, but yeah,
during the summer I'll travel for um, there's actually like this giant show that happens in Orlando every year. I don't know if you know about it in that
down
It's a it's called Royal Kane and now it used to be the Eukanuba show but it's the largest one in the United States. Uh
no I've I've been down there before. Um probably one of my favorite big big shows to be, especially since it has december, It's warm down there
come
along
Oh no it's it's much nicer than weapons like the other big show because Westminster new york in february that was miserable and it's totally in the city, you know like my dogs don't know how to potting on concrete mm
Different things.
So
it's
an old,
Still probably nice to go though. Yeah
Just for a few weeks sir.
What?
Yeah that's uh that's kind of miserable.
I don't know
very
well
substantial. My husband Wisconsin and he goes there during christmas every year and I don't go with because it is way too cold where you
go to sell photo.
He said if you go to south Dakota though, you have to go to the corn palace
course Alex. Uh,
this is the only thing he talks about because he's visited a before strap.
But
we think
Yeah. Well yeah, I was wondering
october for wedding. I got in the summer june and july amazing.
I'm, I think we've actually reached our time. Yeah.
I hope you have a good day and
it
happened.
All right guy.