Hello?
I can hear you. Can you hear me? Cool. High
tired. How are you?
I've been up I I work overnight so I have been awake since six p.m. yesterday. Yeah.
little bit. That's okay right
on. Yeah.
Uh It's it's all right. Um I worked like a really physical job so it's a lot of like moving steel and lifting and stuff so it's it's tiring but it's all right.
You know,
it's a job.
Get a couple of energy drinks at night and that's about it. And then the rest of the time is all good and
you know, coffee.
Yeah. Uh four months now. That sounds about right.
Yeah. Uh It sucks though cause like on my weekend is like friday and Saturdays and I sleep all day friday and then like just wipes me up.
Yeah. What about you?
Cool.
Oh yeah. Right. On like a grade school or
university called high school? Cool.
That's good. Uh huh.
Uh
huh.
All
Yeah. What sort of stuff
hey?
if you like if you're cool with I don't know kind of sharing?
Atlanta. Me.
I didn't even think of that. Plus like are you bringing a dog or you showing
or just
What kind?
I have no idea what that is.
Cool. I used to have a ground. Yeah.
I got a great danes in the other room so if you hear barking online that's them that's neat. Mhm.
Right.
Yeah. How is it teaching like what's how does that work? Because that sounds
awful.
wool
cheese. Yeah.
What?
That sucks. Yeah.
That's disappointing.
it's been a nasty year.
that's, I did some college courses online and it's like it's a huge, just just
a complete shift of how you have to approach everything and if you
don't have the like the personal discipline, it's just, and I did that In my twenties, I couldn't imagine being like 16 or 17 and doing that, I would just Yeah.
that's a lot.
Sorry, I'm I kinda have like another pot after this one and I had a couple of cups on my way home from work, it's just it's
No. Yeah, I don't get that luxury but that's okay, Whatever.
Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh.
of
sleeping between
worship.
Yeah. Um in florida, so they're like no
restrictions anymore.
Yeah basically so uh and at the gym and then the beach and then I go to work. Mhm.
Yeah, I've been down here for a long time, I don't know, 10, 10, 12 years now, spent one. Yeah,
Cool. Like
where?
Yeah, I was in Tampa for a long time.
Yeah.
I I'm good everybody line I live with is fine. Um you know you have your mask on when you're in public but otherwise it's been uh it hasn't really affected me very much aside from, you know, not being able to go to a restaurant but even that like you can go now. So it's uh yes,
so um in the town where I live, like I live like right in Daytona um it's like everybody's pretty, you know, cognizant of wearing masks all the time. Uh But I work in a town more like rural, inland kind of place and I'm usually the only person wearing a mask if I have to go to a store or something like everybody is just nobody
cares.
geez, wow. Yeah,
just
thank you.
Mhm Yeah, man, sorry, I'm on my laptop and it's like literally in my lap, so there's a lot of movement.
that is outstanding. Yeah,
looks like great. So are you doing like, like competitive kind of showing or just, they
don't
know anything about dog shows besides that,
you
know?
that's
That's
it.
that's
that's really neat.
like all the solutions are breeds are
Good looking dog.
Mhm. Well that's good.
I only imagine I um
I've driven cross country with my dogs a couple times before, like not the great danes, I had a
corgi in a boston terrier so they're just like sit in my lap while I'm driving and like even that you know they get restless and then boston terrier always like driving so she put her hands up on the steering wheel and.
Thanks.
Yeah.
you do
like all
the
oh God yeah I couldn't do it, I drive a compact, I can't even get him in the car, I have to rent a truck.
Uh huh.
my parents have a bigger car, just take it you know
explore or something, I don't know some kind of suv.
God no they would not fit in there. Yeah.
Sorry?
Yeah
so I'm like doing this kind of thing over over yeah big enough.
Uh huh And you do all like the grooming and everything all yourself or like
but I'm I know that.
Yeah. Oh man Yeah. So what do you uh what are you streaming right now?
no idea
please.
I remember that
Excellent.
my God
so I'm I started a star trek for the probably 10th time so
because everything got canceled like all the new new production and all that so
Right Okay. Okay. I can hear him
Okay. Uh huh Yeah. Yeah.
Okay. Mhm Okay. Okay. Mhm
Oh no sweat.
Fighting back. Yeah.
How many do you have at home?
Uh huh.
No. Yeah. Oh man, sorry, wiped
uh Most likely I think I have some other stuff I need to do, but I'm probably just gonna put it off until whenever I wake up and do it. Then
sometimes um it's weird like just because you know, circadian rhythm gets so screwed up with like overnight working that like there are days when I can, I'll get home and I'll sleep from, you know, 6 30 to when I have to get up and go to work and then other times it's like one or two hours at a time and then I'm up and I can't fall back asleep.
62.
and I've been doing it for a while and it's still like it's still rough but yes,
you got to do what you gotta do basically.
Two
man.
Yes. And then how long are you going forward like just that weekend or
is that
Africa.
that's it.
jeez.
I'm sure big gatherings like that to its that's gotta have been so, you know restricted because of all this.
uh that's it's a little weird.
What?
No.
Mhm
I do
not. Mm.
Yeah, I've never heard of it.
Yeah, I'll warm. Yeah, I was
gonna
say it's cool down in december wolf.
Yeah.
Yeah. The ocean right now. Is that like Low 70's? So I'm
kind
of skipped
going in the water? Yeah, it's a little cold.
My company wants to send me to South Dakota in a couple of weeks for,
yeah, for like a month and a half and I
don't know. God, I don't even own a jacket. Like I've been, I have like two pairs of long pants and my work boots. Mhm
Yeah, I don't think I have any jackets like
any winter
old weather
jack.
I
visited, I'm sorry.
The corn palace.
Right on.
I
will,
I will check out the corn palace. Uh I went to Wisconsin a few years ago and september october and that was I mean, that's not for me, so
cold.
Yeah, I can imagine. Oh man, I'm sorry.
mm hmm. Oh yeah. Cool. Yeah, I got uh 20, minutes right on. Uh enjoy your. How much are we getting paid? $16 or something like that? Yeah.
Yeah. Thank you. I hope you have fun shopping
and
hanging out with the silver keys.