SPEAKER_R: hater
SPEAKER_L: hi can you hear me?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, you're coming in nice and clear. Sorry, might come here kind of cut out there for a moment.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Um so we have to talk for 25 minutes. I have nothing to talk about.
SPEAKER_R: Well um I guess thanksgiving is coming up, so how about that?
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Um Well my mom died last summer so I'm
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: going to have, yeah so I'm gonna have thanksgiving for the first time with a bunch of relatives that I don't usually have it with.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah, I I definitely know the feeling like in my family my grandparents were the ones who usually hosted thanksgivings um because you know, my like grandpa would take on steak. He was a real big barbecue fan. So
SPEAKER_L: Ooh
SPEAKER_R: we have, you know, I was thinking for thanksgiving and then if we were going to my grandma's how she would do more of the traditional kind of, you know, turkey with stuffing kind of thing. But I hear you like both my grandparents passed away and so it's been a little bit different because we've been kind of seeing my aunt usually. Um but it's not quite the same. She doesn't do home cooked, she usually orders, you know, from uh
SPEAKER_L: I know.
SPEAKER_R: All right, she ordered something and then it's always good, but you don't get that sort of like family feeling where everyone's cooking together. It's just like okay, the boxes came here, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Well yeah but at least you know it'll probably be really good so. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: it is good. And you know, we always bring the salad or the fruit or you know, the desert kind of thing. So there's a little bit like that. But I think this year we probably won't be getting together um as close just because of the whole, you know.
SPEAKER_L: Pandemic things.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, it's gonna be a little different. I'm actually feeling a little bummed about the holidays because you know, that's when you want to your family right
SPEAKER_L: yeah so it's gonna be a challenge. But most of my family lives really close together and so
SPEAKER_R: on
SPEAKER_L: we see
SPEAKER_R: me.
SPEAKER_L: each other all the time so we're not too worried about the pandemic because we see each other generally every day and none of us has been exposed so far that we
SPEAKER_R: crossed. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's good that you'll be able to see everyone together then like I'm really excited for you for that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and it will be good because um we've got different people from different countries in our family so it'll be a lot of different kinds of food. So
SPEAKER_R: Oh, nice. So what kind of dishes do people bring? Mm.
SPEAKER_L: there will be um spanish dishes and southern dishes because we're southern and
SPEAKER_R: Is it?
SPEAKER_L: so I mean right there that's good enough.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah. All right, well, that sounds real good. I mean, for us we're kind of I guess your generic thanksgiving thing. Um
SPEAKER_L: but that's good to, yeah Turkey and dressing macaroni and cheese if anybody does that.
SPEAKER_R: Alright. Cream beans to you always got to have that my favorite thing to do um is usually brussels sprouts with bacon just to get that MS crispy. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: yeah. See you I love that and you're lucky because a lot of people be like brussel
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: sprouts but it's really good.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah. So I don't know my little sister because I'm from California, so you know, we got we're pretty close to like Mexico not too far. And so my little sister courses like we gotta get tamales like we gotta get tomorrow. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I just had tamales this weekend because
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: of our family and they were so good. They're they're homemade and there's still some left in there but there are a couple of days old now so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: they're stupid, you know? Yeah, so um I guess, you know like you're in the south, I'm obviously from California, but um like how is it going to be just are looking forward because I mean it's all over the news about the numbers spiking and more people getting sick. We can talk about something else if you want to by the way.
SPEAKER_L: Oh no. Um well right now like I said nobody in my family's had it. Um a coworker of mine, her husband had it and she
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: had to quarantine with him for 14 days. But um nobody else that work seems to have it and that's pretty good. I mean because she didn't have symptoms so he and he's doing all right. But um but that was definitely that was last monday they that he came back with a test positive. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, a little bit scary then but I'm I'm glad it seems that they're doing okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: far so good. But I think that's the only person Um Oh my aunt's I've got two ants that are like older. They were in a nursing home and it was one of the nursing homes that like had to be locked down because there was 55 people that had it at one time or something. But nobody nobody died from it. They just locked it down. But that was a mayor April or something.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah I've mostly been working from home. I'm looking that I have an office job so it's not too different emails, phone calls, you can do it from just about anywhere. Um But my little sister, she does child care and so she's had a few scares, luckily nothing came of it. But she was telling me boy those those giant Q tips, they don't feel good going
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: in, she said
SPEAKER_L: worked with a mission thrift store so um all kinds of people come in but mask or mandatory and
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: like that woman her husband got it my coworker but she didn't have it. So um he must have got it from somewhere where he worked and we're around a lot of people but we're not really locked locked down as much anymore. So it may go back.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah, I mean it might, but I gotta admit like I think people at least in, you know where I'm from, people are getting tired of not seeing each other and you know, not going out. So I've definitely noticed, especially for people around my age, like for Halloween, I had a friend invite me to a Halloween party and I'm like, I'd love to go, I want ceo, but I just can't, you know, I just can't do it really. Um
SPEAKER_L: because you don't want to risk infecting other people. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, is there anything you're really looking forward to because I heard, you know, maybe a vaccine will come next year? Um you know, we start picking things back up to normal maybe and fall like
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: is there anything that you're really hoping to do when that does happen?
SPEAKER_L: Um well I met a guy and went out on a date um
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: right around my birthday in october, so I had one day but he turned to kind of be flaky so, but at least got to go out on a date. So um, and the restaurants were open and we were gonna go to a, it's like a zombie park where they walk around and chase you. But it was actually, it turned out not to open to like way after dark and before the time change. So it ended up being too late. So we just went to, we went to a movie and we saw the war with grandpa with robert de Niro and there was two other people in the theater so we could socially distance and the movie was really good. So it was almost a normal date if there had been more people in the theater.
SPEAKER_R: Uh yeah, that's not such a bad thing, you practically get the whole big screen to yourself at that point. Right?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Mm.
SPEAKER_L: we gave us assigned seating, but since there was only two other people in there, we didn't have to sit where they signed us to sit. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Nice. So it sounds like maybe you're a fan of Halloween and like the whole october thing, was there anything in particular you did?
SPEAKER_L: Um we we were going to do that, but um not really my birthday's on October 20, so I celebrated my birthday right before Halloween.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah yeah like um I'm kind of a fan of scary movies but most of my friends and family members are not um they actually say I'm scarier than movies sometimes because I'll start I'll start laughing you know when the demon does something really scary and they're like stop cackling, you sound like a witch you know?
SPEAKER_L: Do you have cheddar? The shutter channel?
SPEAKER_R: I one of my friends does so he's the only one I can get to watch scary movies with me but you have to get him beer first like that's his agreement. So um yeah we watched um I think actually on Halloween we did this like online watch together and we had our phones on and we were kind of given commentary to each other and we watched this film from South Korea. It's actually a zombie film and it's called Train to bustan and it was actually pretty good. I mean it's you know a zombie film but they're all trapped on a train and I just kind of gave that claustrophobic
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: feel where you're like oh my gosh you know what's gonna happen? So I thought that was pretty good. Um let me think was there there's a movie I want to watch and it's called the Loved Ones and it's a little bit older I think it's from Australia, it's kind of a take on that teenage scary movie where there's this guy and he turns down this girl who really wants to go to the prom with her or to go to the problem with him and then she like kidnapped him and start around like twisted prom source scenario with him. I kind of want to see it but you know
SPEAKER_L: I like the shooter channel because um, it has joe bob Briggs on it, the guy that does commentary um oh, he's so funny. But um and some of those movies that he's done commentary already on, he's I think he's done two seasons already. Um like the wings serpent and um Maniac cop. Those are really funny. I mean they're scary but like maniac cop has joe piscopo and I can't remember that other guy's name, but it is really good. I think it's
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: maniac
SPEAKER_R: actually, I'm actually gonna write this down because I'm always on the lookout for good movie suggestions.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. What you should do is go through the just joe bob Briggs the last drive in. It's like on the main page, let's like their big show that they do um look in season one and the winged serpent is one of them and the one with joe piscopo. Um It's really good. I can't remember. I don't know if it's maniac cop. They are cops, but I don't know if that's it or not. But
SPEAKER_R: okay, don't
SPEAKER_L: some
SPEAKER_R: worry,
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: I'll
SPEAKER_L: them are
SPEAKER_R: find it,
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, like I'm gonna find this for sure.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, he's joe bob's funny.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah, because I'm always on the lookout for more movies to sort of force my best friend to watch with me. I think he secretly likes it, he's just, he's just pretending to be scared so he gets some beer, you know? Mm
SPEAKER_L: Why not? Why not have the fear and the beer? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I mean it evens out because he's a fan of chuck Norris movies, which are super cheesy, but I'm like, okay, you know, like
SPEAKER_L: I've
SPEAKER_R: you do the
SPEAKER_L: never
SPEAKER_R: cheap,
SPEAKER_L: seen one.
SPEAKER_R: they're, they're just very like kind of silly martial arts films where, you know, the dialogues always really corny and everything is resolved by him kicking or punching someone in the face, you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that always helps if you can make somebody just cower and fear. Oh
SPEAKER_R: it kind of evens out because I'll tell him, well, if you want me to watch a film like that with you, you best have the chips and dip, you know, so
SPEAKER_L: yeah you get the beer and he gets the chips and dip and it comes out even I like chips and dip. I'm not a beer drinker so I can see that.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm um jeez let me think, I mean, I feel like these kind of conversations are always real interesting because it's like when you're on the bus with someone or you're stuck on the airplane, you're kind of like, it's a bit of a roulette, but I'm still gonna say hi and see how this goes, you know?
SPEAKER_L: of course. But no, I was trying to think. You made me think of something um about buses but I don't know. Never mind lost my china thought
SPEAKER_R: sorry um Yeah, because, I mean I signed up to do this because I was like, I want to see someone who isn't in my family or you know, within my circle of friends, like I just like the, I guess a random element of it seemed real fun.
SPEAKER_L: See I did one of these, it must have been february or january and I talked to a lady that was a teacher from new york, like buffalo new york. But I I keep thinking they're going to do um like an online site where you can do this like it'll be finished being tested and people can do this, but I haven't seen it. I do,
SPEAKER_R: I mean it's
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: been 10 months at this point, right. Yeah. Well,
SPEAKER_L: mm,
SPEAKER_R: I mean, it is pretty fun though. I mean, yeah, so you're looking forward to sort of doing movies and like going out with people um You know, after whenever this pandemic happens, I would say it's the exact same thing for me. I mean, I just kind of missed like meeting up with my friends and being able to go out to eat somewhere. Um or you know, just really do anything social. I this sounds very like high school college back when you had one friend who had a car and so y'all had to pile in together. Um But I even miss just going to like grocery stores with my friends and getting our food
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: together. You
SPEAKER_L: people
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: um do you live in like Orange County or do you live somewhere far away from there?
SPEAKER_R: I would say I live closer in the like central Valley area actually. So let's so, so cal yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, because I want to church out there and I would love to go there, but it's in Orange County, so you can't go there if it's too far because they they're having outdoor services and everybody wears masks so you could go, but mhm, Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. I mean, I'm hoping things start to open up again after this whole, you know, flu slash covid, you know, all the bad things happening all at once in the winter comes through.
SPEAKER_L: well see at least in California it doesn't get, well unless europe in northern California, it doesn't get terribly cold there, so you won't have that to deal with.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah, because I was just thinking like if you're in a place where it snows, I mean those restaurants, you know, they can't do outdoor dining anymore. Like that's gotta be, yeah, that's tough.
SPEAKER_L: see here and I live so far south, I don't live completely south, but um Like the last week it was abnormally warm for November and it was in the 80s, but average normal right now is 70s and 60s. So people are still getting outside and it's still really beautiful outside right now. So, and so people, it's almost there like they're carrying on their lives normally with extra social distancing and wearing masks always indoors. So maybe it will, maybe it will start to decline again instead of keep continuing to spike.
SPEAKER_R: Mm. Yeah, I I definitely hope so. I mean it's it's just kind of one of those sad thoughts when you think of all the people who might have an empty chair at their table for the holidays because they're saying it's About 1000 people week. I mean, I saw that in the newspaper today and I was like, good Lord,
SPEAKER_L: Well, see that's what my mom had a heart attack, but um and I was with her but we didn't know if she was having because she's having trouble breathing and um I didn't know if it was covid or if she was having heart problems or what? Um but it was definitely a heart attack, but it could have just as easily been covid. Um But it's been a strange year. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: to say the least I'll be happy once. 2021, I just feel like this year wasn't great.
SPEAKER_L: I think I needed a warning. Like, like some kind of, not not in March, not in january, but like maybe last fall like maybe maybe go somewhere for a nice vacation before this all comes on you. So it would have been nice.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Are there any places that you would like to travel to um possibly in the future?
SPEAKER_L: Um Oh yeah, I want to go to Canada. I was supposed to go to Canada one time when I was little because my dad worked for an airline and he was stationed in Detroit working
SPEAKER_R: didn't
SPEAKER_L: and we were all gonna go to Canada but um he stopped working there and move back to Atlanta because apart field, so he got transferred again before we got to do it.
SPEAKER_R: mm I see what um what part of Canada like in particular? Because I went when I was 11 so I don't remember it too well, but
SPEAKER_L: Um I would like to go to Toronto because I like comedy. I like kids in the hall and and yeah, I would like to go see some of that stuff but um are like um sctv all that, all the old Canadian comedy shows, like they were a big influence on me. So I would like to go see where all that happened.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, definitely. I mean that that sounds real fun and I'm definitely getting of like you watch a lot of comedy vibe right now for sure.
SPEAKER_L: because joe bob, it's not the horror really that I like, it's the comedy that
SPEAKER_R: Cemetery.
SPEAKER_L: joe bob does, but it is very scary, some of it, I grew up watching scary movies too, so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I I was a kid who had to wait till my parents were asleep before I could sneak out, you know, watch a scary bill.
SPEAKER_L: come on.
SPEAKER_R: Um but oh um actually since you like commentary and funny commentary, I'm sure you've already seen it, but on netflix there's a show called Mystery Science theater, have
SPEAKER_L: I love
SPEAKER_R: you seen?
SPEAKER_L: that. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I've seen that, I've seen a bunch of them um but I haven't seen all of them because sometimes they get a little boring, sometimes they're a little, but they're pretty good
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, like some of those films I'm like oh man, these are so boring, like
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: if you weren't saying all these
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: things I would I'd be asleep half an hour ago.
SPEAKER_L: I don't understand how some of those, I mean like they seem like people that couldn't scrape the money together, like
SPEAKER_R: thank you,
SPEAKER_L: how
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: did
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: they do it? But there is a lot of them, I mean like if you have friends and like your friend that you buy the beer for, like those would be fun,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah, yeah, he actually was the one who introduced that series to me um but we haven't had a chance to watch any of them together, but I've been making my sister do it instead.
SPEAKER_L: poor sister, how does your sister?
SPEAKER_R: Um she's Oh gosh, I always feel she's 25 and I just feel so weird saying that because I still remember when she was a baby um but yeah she's 25.
SPEAKER_L: okay, I don't have any brothers or sisters, I'm an only child, that's why I like thanksgiving is gonna be so weird for me. Mhm. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: but it's good that you know you are getting those relatives together um because yeah, like otherwise it would have been a friend's giving possibly.
SPEAKER_L: mm. Yeah. Yeah, maybe. I mean most of my friends, like I live in north Georgia, I'm living in Athens where University of Georgia is, but most of my friends for a long time, I lived in Atlanta and so when I was mainly growing up, that's where I made all my friends and had all my jobs and I went to college I didn't go to and so and I kind of live in a rural area here so I just don't know as many people and so my friends have all, I'm 50, I just turned 50, so they're all married, they got kids, they got grandkids, they got step grandkids, so it's over.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I kinda hear you on that because um I'm like 30 and so a lot of my friends have reached the point where they got married, you know, a couple years ago, they start having kids and it's completely different because all of a sudden you can't just call them up and say, Hey, you know you won't go see a movie together, it's like away. Yeah, they got arrange for childcare, like it's just another layer of planning there. Um So I can hear you on that like I'm starting to see it already where I'm like oh my gosh, you know my so so my social circle is completely changing here.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, well um my best advice, not that I'm giving advice, but now that I'm older, I wish people would have given me advice and been like, keep your social life going go like, I don't know what religion you are or whatever, but stay in your religious atmosphere and so you can hang out with people that believe as you do spiritually and they can help you with that. And um I just always try to keep some friends, find some single friends that don't plan on ever getting married because as you get older, those connections really, really dry up clear.
SPEAKER_R: you know, I'm gonna say like, thank you for the advice because I'm like I said, I'm starting to see it already where I'm like, oh my gosh, like everyone's, you know, pairing up and they got their own little families going on here,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, and when you get my age and that shot is gone, I mean, I could adopt and I'm probably going to after all this happens or I'm gonna do foster Children, but oh man, if you can get it done before you have to go that route, do it because you know, everybody likes kids, everybody, I mean almost everybody, you know when you get older everybody's got grandkids, like my friends have grandkids now when they started like I had friends that had kids when they were 18, because they got married young because this is the south, so they have grandkids. Um It is weird when you feel like you're still a teenager kinda and you're looking on the internet and they're like here's my grand baby going to his third birthday party. They're just please take heed of my advice. I don't like to give advice to people because I know they hate it, but please get be social as you can.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, no, I I appreciate the advice because like, I don't know, like without going into too much detail, but back in 2019 of the fall um so, you know, California is pretty sunny all year round and so I'd ride my bike just about anywhere I could within, you know, 5 to 10 miles, I actually got hit by a car. Um
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: so you know, it lots of broken bones, but I'm lucky to be here and so that that was part of my wake up call. I feel like you know there was a purpose to that in terms of okay you know you were taking things for granted like your good health you know how everything just was. But immediately the pandemic kind of slowed things down because we're all sheltering in place but I was just like okay you know I really got to understand what is I want to do with you know the rest of my life because I feel like I got a second chance. Um Because I remember going to the E. R. And you know it's bad when they see you right off the bat like that's not what you want to have happened in the er
SPEAKER_L: You wanna they wanna make you wait like
SPEAKER_R: True
SPEAKER_L: an hour, three hours?
SPEAKER_R: right. Yeah and I remember um you know I mean I was just completely out of it like I had a bike helmet on which was real good because that thing got dent it. Let me tell you I would hate for that to be my skull. Um But I remember one of the nurses came over when they were putting in all the I. V. S. Because I had like one in each arm and they put one in my chest which I never knew you could even do. And the nurse comes over and she's like do you want to talk with a chaplain? And I'm like am I dying? Are you
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: telling
SPEAKER_L: goodness.
SPEAKER_R: me I'm dying because you know that's what they say before you die? Um And then she was like no no no it's just in case you want to talk with someone because um you know she's like you got a lot of broken bones and yeah it's gonna be a bit of a long going for you.
SPEAKER_L: and it might be painful and it's terrible but it's good
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: you pulled through. You must be one tough girl.
SPEAKER_R: I mean, I think it helps, I was pretty optimistic because um alright, I guess I'll tell the most scary thing, so the scariest thing is I had a broken neck um because
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: I think that was why my helmet was so dented, like it must have hit my head and you know, pulled it too much to one side. Um And so I was just like, you know, they told me like you could have died or you could be paralyzed from the neck down and I'm lucky that neither of that happened. Um So the way I was thinking of it was just okay, you know, it's
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: not fun to be in the hospital bed for three months, you know, you start to memorize everything in the room at that point, but The alternative could have been, you know, in a wheelchair for the rest of my life, or not being around um because I was in my late 20s when that happened and I was just like oh my gosh, you know, like it could have been so much worse.
SPEAKER_L: Well yeah I would take my second chance if I were you and I would plan for my future because when you start getting this age I mean I have a pretty good life and I have friends and family and stuff but I really wish I had settled down a little bit and you know had some kids or something so
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah, I'll definitely hear that because because I kind of feel like, well, you know when you're in your twenties, I'm sure you remember you're just kind of like, you know, I got forever to do everything.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. I wanted to settle down but um I kept meeting guys that I just I was like not him but I I also was like it'll happen on its own la di da di da you know so and then one day it was too late. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, no, I mean it's a balancing act I suppose, but I definitely do here you um Yeah, so thank you,
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: you know?
SPEAKER_L: Have we been talking 25 minutes?
SPEAKER_R: Um I I think so because I think both of us logged on pretty promptly, like we both seem to be punctual people.
SPEAKER_L: I have no idea how to end it. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's that's a good question, I don't really see a
SPEAKER_L: well if um if we ever have a chance to talk again I wouldn't mind talking again. Um And I've enjoyed our conversation. It wasn't
SPEAKER_R: me too.
SPEAKER_L: it wasn't traumatic or anything and I hope you I hope you get finally get out and have some fun soon.
SPEAKER_R: mm. And same to you, too. I hope mr right comes for you soon.
SPEAKER_L: I hope so too. Um Have a nice weekend the rest of it.
SPEAKER_R: You too? I
SPEAKER_L: let's see I'm going to try
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: to exit
SPEAKER_R: think,
SPEAKER_L: off.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I think we just close a tab problem. Okay.