hi can you hear me?
Okay. Um so we have to talk for 25 minutes. I have nothing to talk about.
Okay. Um Well my mom died last summer so I'm
going to have, yeah so I'm gonna have thanksgiving for the first time with a bunch of relatives that I don't usually have it with.
Ooh
I know.
Well yeah but at least you know it'll probably be really good so. Mhm.
Pandemic things.
yeah so it's gonna be a challenge. But most of my family lives really close together and so
we see
each other all the time so we're not too worried about the pandemic because we see each other generally every day and none of us has been exposed so far that we
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah and it will be good because um we've got different people from different countries in our family so it'll be a lot of different kinds of food. So
there will be um spanish dishes and southern dishes because we're southern and
so I mean right there that's good enough.
but that's good to, yeah Turkey and dressing macaroni and cheese if anybody does that.
yeah. See you I love that and you're lucky because a lot of people be like brussel
sprouts but it's really good.
I just had tamales this weekend because
of our family and they were so good. They're they're homemade and there's still some left in there but there are a couple of days old now so. Yeah.
Oh no. Um well right now like I said nobody in my family's had it. Um a coworker of mine, her husband had it and she
had to quarantine with him for 14 days. But um nobody else that work seems to have it and that's pretty good. I mean because she didn't have symptoms so he and he's doing all right. But um but that was definitely that was last monday they that he came back with a test positive. So
far so good. But I think that's the only person Um Oh my aunt's I've got two ants that are like older. They were in a nursing home and it was one of the nursing homes that like had to be locked down because there was 55 people that had it at one time or something. But nobody nobody died from it. They just locked it down. But that was a mayor April or something.
I
worked with a mission thrift store so um all kinds of people come in but mask or mandatory and
like that woman her husband got it my coworker but she didn't have it. So um he must have got it from somewhere where he worked and we're around a lot of people but we're not really locked locked down as much anymore. So it may go back.
because you don't want to risk infecting other people. So
what?
Um well I met a guy and went out on a date um
right around my birthday in october, so I had one day but he turned to kind of be flaky so, but at least got to go out on a date. So um, and the restaurants were open and we were gonna go to a, it's like a zombie park where they walk around and chase you. But it was actually, it turned out not to open to like way after dark and before the time change. So it ended up being too late. So we just went to, we went to a movie and we saw the war with grandpa with robert de Niro and there was two other people in the theater so we could socially distance and the movie was really good. So it was almost a normal date if there had been more people in the theater.
Yeah,
we gave us assigned seating, but since there was only two other people in there, we didn't have to sit where they signed us to sit. Yeah,
Um we we were going to do that, but um not really my birthday's on October 20, so I celebrated my birthday right before Halloween.
Do you have cheddar? The shutter channel?
No.
I like the shooter channel because um, it has joe bob Briggs on it, the guy that does commentary um oh, he's so funny. But um and some of those movies that he's done commentary already on, he's I think he's done two seasons already. Um like the wings serpent and um Maniac cop. Those are really funny. I mean they're scary but like maniac cop has joe piscopo and I can't remember that other guy's name, but it is really good. I think it's
maniac
Mhm. What you should do is go through the just joe bob Briggs the last drive in. It's like on the main page, let's like their big show that they do um look in season one and the winged serpent is one of them and the one with joe piscopo. Um It's really good. I can't remember. I don't know if it's maniac cop. They are cops, but I don't know if that's it or not. But
some
of
them are
good.
Yeah, he's joe bob's funny.
Why not? Why not have the fear and the beer? Yeah,
I've
never
seen one.
that always helps if you can make somebody just cower and fear. Oh
yeah you get the beer and he gets the chips and dip and it comes out even I like chips and dip. I'm not a beer drinker so I can see that.
of course. But no, I was trying to think. You made me think of something um about buses but I don't know. Never mind lost my china thought
See I did one of these, it must have been february or january and I talked to a lady that was a teacher from new york, like buffalo new york. But I I keep thinking they're going to do um like an online site where you can do this like it'll be finished being tested and people can do this, but I haven't seen it. I do,
but
mm,
Well
people
um do you live in like Orange County or do you live somewhere far away from there?
Yeah, because I want to church out there and I would love to go there, but it's in Orange County, so you can't go there if it's too far because they they're having outdoor services and everybody wears masks so you could go, but mhm, Mhm.
well see at least in California it doesn't get, well unless europe in northern California, it doesn't get terribly cold there, so you won't have that to deal with.
see here and I live so far south, I don't live completely south, but um Like the last week it was abnormally warm for November and it was in the 80s, but average normal right now is 70s and 60s. So people are still getting outside and it's still really beautiful outside right now. So, and so people, it's almost there like they're carrying on their lives normally with extra social distancing and wearing masks always indoors. So maybe it will, maybe it will start to decline again instead of keep continuing to spike.
Well, see that's what my mom had a heart attack, but um and I was with her but we didn't know if she was having because she's having trouble breathing and um I didn't know if it was covid or if she was having heart problems or what? Um but it was definitely a heart attack, but it could have just as easily been covid. Um But it's been a strange year. Uh huh.
I think I needed a warning. Like, like some kind of, not not in March, not in january, but like maybe last fall like maybe maybe go somewhere for a nice vacation before this all comes on you. So it would have been nice.
Um Oh yeah, I want to go to Canada. I was supposed to go to Canada one time when I was little because my dad worked for an airline and he was stationed in Detroit working
and we were all gonna go to Canada but um he stopped working there and move back to Atlanta because apart field, so he got transferred again before we got to do it.
Um I would like to go to Toronto because I like comedy. I like kids in the hall and and yeah, I would like to go see some of that stuff but um are like um sctv all that, all the old Canadian comedy shows, like they were a big influence on me. So I would like to go see where all that happened.
because joe bob, it's not the horror really that I like, it's the comedy that
joe bob does, but it is very scary, some of it, I grew up watching scary movies too, so
come on.
I love
that. Yeah,
I've seen that, I've seen a bunch of them um but I haven't seen all of them because sometimes they get a little boring, sometimes they're a little, but they're pretty good
and
I'm
I don't understand how some of those, I mean like they seem like people that couldn't scrape the money together, like
how
did
they do it? But there is a lot of them, I mean like if you have friends and like your friend that you buy the beer for, like those would be fun,
poor sister, how does your sister?
okay, I don't have any brothers or sisters, I'm an only child, that's why I like thanksgiving is gonna be so weird for me. Mhm. Yeah,
mm. Yeah. Yeah, maybe. I mean most of my friends, like I live in north Georgia, I'm living in Athens where University of Georgia is, but most of my friends for a long time, I lived in Atlanta and so when I was mainly growing up, that's where I made all my friends and had all my jobs and I went to college I didn't go to and so and I kind of live in a rural area here so I just don't know as many people and so my friends have all, I'm 50, I just turned 50, so they're all married, they got kids, they got grandkids, they got step grandkids, so it's over.
Yeah, well um my best advice, not that I'm giving advice, but now that I'm older, I wish people would have given me advice and been like, keep your social life going go like, I don't know what religion you are or whatever, but stay in your religious atmosphere and so you can hang out with people that believe as you do spiritually and they can help you with that. And um I just always try to keep some friends, find some single friends that don't plan on ever getting married because as you get older, those connections really, really dry up clear.
yeah, and when you get my age and that shot is gone, I mean, I could adopt and I'm probably going to after all this happens or I'm gonna do foster Children, but oh man, if you can get it done before you have to go that route, do it because you know, everybody likes kids, everybody, I mean almost everybody, you know when you get older everybody's got grandkids, like my friends have grandkids now when they started like I had friends that had kids when they were 18, because they got married young because this is the south, so they have grandkids. Um It is weird when you feel like you're still a teenager kinda and you're looking on the internet and they're like here's my grand baby going to his third birthday party. They're just please take heed of my advice. I don't like to give advice to people because I know they hate it, but please get be social as you can.
Mhm.
You wanna they wanna make you wait like
an hour, three hours?
my
goodness.
and it might be painful and it's terrible but it's good
you pulled through. You must be one tough girl.
Uh huh.
what?
Well yeah I would take my second chance if I were you and I would plan for my future because when you start getting this age I mean I have a pretty good life and I have friends and family and stuff but I really wish I had settled down a little bit and you know had some kids or something so
Mhm. I wanted to settle down but um I kept meeting guys that I just I was like not him but I I also was like it'll happen on its own la di da di da you know so and then one day it was too late. Yeah.
All
Have we been talking 25 minutes?
I have no idea how to end it. Yeah
well if um if we ever have a chance to talk again I wouldn't mind talking again. Um And I've enjoyed our conversation. It wasn't
it wasn't traumatic or anything and I hope you I hope you get finally get out and have some fun soon.
I hope so too. Um Have a nice weekend the rest of it.
let's see I'm going to try
to exit
off.