hater
Yeah, you're coming in nice and clear. Sorry, might come here kind of cut out there for a moment.
Well um I guess thanksgiving is coming up, so how about that?
I'm
Mhm. Yeah, I I definitely know the feeling like in my family my grandparents were the ones who usually hosted thanksgivings um because you know, my like grandpa would take on steak. He was a real big barbecue fan. So
we have, you know, I was thinking for thanksgiving and then if we were going to my grandma's how she would do more of the traditional kind of, you know, turkey with stuffing kind of thing. But I hear you like both my grandparents passed away and so it's been a little bit different because we've been kind of seeing my aunt usually. Um but it's not quite the same. She doesn't do home cooked, she usually orders, you know, from uh
All right, she ordered something and then it's always good, but you don't get that sort of like family feeling where everyone's cooking together. It's just like okay, the boxes came here, you know?
it is good. And you know, we always bring the salad or the fruit or you know, the desert kind of thing. So there's a little bit like that. But I think this year we probably won't be getting together um as close just because of the whole, you know.
Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, it's gonna be a little different. I'm actually feeling a little bummed about the holidays because you know, that's when you want to your family right
on
me.
crossed. Yeah.
Yeah. So
that's good that you'll be able to see everyone together then like I'm really excited for you for that.
Oh, nice. So what kind of dishes do people bring? Mm.
Is it?
Right. Yeah. All right, well, that sounds real good. I mean, for us we're kind of I guess your generic thanksgiving thing. Um
Alright. Cream beans to you always got to have that my favorite thing to do um is usually brussels sprouts with bacon just to get that MS crispy. Yeah,
we
Mhm. Yeah. So I don't know my little sister because I'm from California, so you know, we got we're pretty close to like Mexico not too far. And so my little sister courses like we gotta get tamales like we gotta get tomorrow. Yeah,
it's
they're stupid, you know? Yeah, so um I guess, you know like you're in the south, I'm obviously from California, but um like how is it going to be just are looking forward because I mean it's all over the news about the numbers spiking and more people getting sick. We can talk about something else if you want to by the way.
No.
Yeah, a little bit scary then but I'm I'm glad it seems that they're doing okay. Yeah.
Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah I've mostly been working from home. I'm looking that I have an office job so it's not too different emails, phone calls, you can do it from just about anywhere. Um But my little sister, she does child care and so she's had a few scares, luckily nothing came of it. But she was telling me boy those those giant Q tips, they don't feel good going
in, she said
That
Right. Yeah, I mean it might, but I gotta admit like I think people at least in, you know where I'm from, people are getting tired of not seeing each other and you know, not going out. So I've definitely noticed, especially for people around my age, like for Halloween, I had a friend invite me to a Halloween party and I'm like, I'd love to go, I want ceo, but I just can't, you know, I just can't do it really. Um
Yeah, is there anything you're really looking forward to because I heard, you know, maybe a vaccine will come next year? Um you know, we start picking things back up to normal maybe and fall like
is there anything that you're really hoping to do when that does happen?
No.
Uh yeah, that's not such a bad thing, you practically get the whole big screen to yourself at that point. Right?
Mm.
Nice. So it sounds like maybe you're a fan of Halloween and like the whole october thing, was there anything in particular you did?
Yeah yeah like um I'm kind of a fan of scary movies but most of my friends and family members are not um they actually say I'm scarier than movies sometimes because I'll start I'll start laughing you know when the demon does something really scary and they're like stop cackling, you sound like a witch you know?
I one of my friends does so he's the only one I can get to watch scary movies with me but you have to get him beer first like that's his agreement. So um yeah we watched um I think actually on Halloween we did this like online watch together and we had our phones on and we were kind of given commentary to each other and we watched this film from South Korea. It's actually a zombie film and it's called Train to bustan and it was actually pretty good. I mean it's you know a zombie film but they're all trapped on a train and I just kind of gave that claustrophobic
feel where you're like oh my gosh you know what's gonna happen? So I thought that was pretty good. Um let me think was there there's a movie I want to watch and it's called the Loved Ones and it's a little bit older I think it's from Australia, it's kind of a take on that teenage scary movie where there's this guy and he turns down this girl who really wants to go to the prom with her or to go to the problem with him and then she like kidnapped him and start around like twisted prom source scenario with him. I kind of want to see it but you know
I'm
actually, I'm actually gonna write this down because I'm always on the lookout for good movie suggestions.
okay, don't
worry,
I'll
find it,
yeah, like I'm gonna find this for sure.
Okay. Yeah, because I'm always on the lookout for more movies to sort of force my best friend to watch with me. I think he secretly likes it, he's just, he's just pretending to be scared so he gets some beer, you know? Mm
I mean it evens out because he's a fan of chuck Norris movies, which are super cheesy, but I'm like, okay, you know, like
you do the
cheap,
they're, they're just very like kind of silly martial arts films where, you know, the dialogues always really corny and everything is resolved by him kicking or punching someone in the face, you know? Yeah.
it kind of evens out because I'll tell him, well, if you want me to watch a film like that with you, you best have the chips and dip, you know, so
Mhm um jeez let me think, I mean, I feel like these kind of conversations are always real interesting because it's like when you're on the bus with someone or you're stuck on the airplane, you're kind of like, it's a bit of a roulette, but I'm still gonna say hi and see how this goes, you know?
sorry um Yeah, because, I mean I signed up to do this because I was like, I want to see someone who isn't in my family or you know, within my circle of friends, like I just like the, I guess a random element of it seemed real fun.
I mean it's
been 10 months at this point, right. Yeah. Well,
I mean, it is pretty fun though. I mean, yeah, so you're looking forward to sort of doing movies and like going out with people um You know, after whenever this pandemic happens, I would say it's the exact same thing for me. I mean, I just kind of missed like meeting up with my friends and being able to go out to eat somewhere. Um or you know, just really do anything social. I this sounds very like high school college back when you had one friend who had a car and so y'all had to pile in together. Um But I even miss just going to like grocery stores with my friends and getting our food
together. You
know,
I would say I live closer in the like central Valley area actually. So let's so, so cal yeah.
yeah. I mean, I'm hoping things start to open up again after this whole, you know, flu slash covid, you know, all the bad things happening all at once in the winter comes through.
Right. Yeah, because I was just thinking like if you're in a place where it snows, I mean those restaurants, you know, they can't do outdoor dining anymore. Like that's gotta be, yeah, that's tough.
Mm. Yeah, I I definitely hope so. I mean it's it's just kind of one of those sad thoughts when you think of all the people who might have an empty chair at their table for the holidays because they're saying it's About 1000 people week. I mean, I saw that in the newspaper today and I was like, good Lord,
to say the least I'll be happy once. 2021, I just feel like this year wasn't great.
Yeah. Are there any places that you would like to travel to um possibly in the future?
didn't
mm I see what um what part of Canada like in particular? Because I went when I was 11 so I don't remember it too well, but
Oh yeah, definitely. I mean that that sounds real fun and I'm definitely getting of like you watch a lot of comedy vibe right now for sure.
Cemetery.
Yeah, I I was a kid who had to wait till my parents were asleep before I could sneak out, you know, watch a scary bill.
Um but oh um actually since you like commentary and funny commentary, I'm sure you've already seen it, but on netflix there's a show called Mystery Science theater, have
you seen?
Yeah.
Yeah, like some of those films I'm like oh man, these are so boring, like
if you weren't saying all these
things I would I'd be asleep half an hour ago.
thank you,
thank
you.
Mhm. Yeah, yeah, he actually was the one who introduced that series to me um but we haven't had a chance to watch any of them together, but I've been making my sister do it instead.
Um she's Oh gosh, I always feel she's 25 and I just feel so weird saying that because I still remember when she was a baby um but yeah she's 25.
but it's good that you know you are getting those relatives together um because yeah, like otherwise it would have been a friend's giving possibly.
Yeah. Yeah, I kinda hear you on that because um I'm like 30 and so a lot of my friends have reached the point where they got married, you know, a couple years ago, they start having kids and it's completely different because all of a sudden you can't just call them up and say, Hey, you know you won't go see a movie together, it's like away. Yeah, they got arrange for childcare, like it's just another layer of planning there. Um So I can hear you on that like I'm starting to see it already where I'm like oh my gosh, you know my so so my social circle is completely changing here.
you know, I'm gonna say like, thank you for the advice because I'm like I said, I'm starting to see it already where I'm like, oh my gosh, like everyone's, you know, pairing up and they got their own little families going on here,
Yeah, no, I I appreciate the advice because like, I don't know, like without going into too much detail, but back in 2019 of the fall um so, you know, California is pretty sunny all year round and so I'd ride my bike just about anywhere I could within, you know, 5 to 10 miles, I actually got hit by a car. Um
so you know, it lots of broken bones, but I'm lucky to be here and so that that was part of my wake up call. I feel like you know there was a purpose to that in terms of okay you know you were taking things for granted like your good health you know how everything just was. But immediately the pandemic kind of slowed things down because we're all sheltering in place but I was just like okay you know I really got to understand what is I want to do with you know the rest of my life because I feel like I got a second chance. Um Because I remember going to the E. R. And you know it's bad when they see you right off the bat like that's not what you want to have happened in the er
True
right. Yeah and I remember um you know I mean I was just completely out of it like I had a bike helmet on which was real good because that thing got dent it. Let me tell you I would hate for that to be my skull. Um But I remember one of the nurses came over when they were putting in all the I. V. S. Because I had like one in each arm and they put one in my chest which I never knew you could even do. And the nurse comes over and she's like do you want to talk with a chaplain? And I'm like am I dying? Are you
telling
me I'm dying because you know that's what they say before you die? Um And then she was like no no no it's just in case you want to talk with someone because um you know she's like you got a lot of broken bones and yeah it's gonna be a bit of a long going for you.
so
I mean, I think it helps, I was pretty optimistic because um alright, I guess I'll tell the most scary thing, so the scariest thing is I had a broken neck um because
I think that was why my helmet was so dented, like it must have hit my head and you know, pulled it too much to one side. Um And so I was just like, you know, they told me like you could have died or you could be paralyzed from the neck down and I'm lucky that neither of that happened. Um So the way I was thinking of it was just okay, you know, it's
not fun to be in the hospital bed for three months, you know, you start to memorize everything in the room at that point, but The alternative could have been, you know, in a wheelchair for the rest of my life, or not being around um because I was in my late 20s when that happened and I was just like oh my gosh, you know, like it could have been so much worse.
Mhm. Yeah, I'll definitely hear that because because I kind of feel like, well, you know when you're in your twenties, I'm sure you remember you're just kind of like, you know, I got forever to do everything.
Yeah, no, I mean it's a balancing act I suppose, but I definitely do here you um Yeah, so thank you,
you know?
Um I I think so because I think both of us logged on pretty promptly, like we both seem to be punctual people.
Yeah, that's that's a good question, I don't really see a
me too.
mm. And same to you, too. I hope mr right comes for you soon.
You too? I
I
think,
yeah, I think we just close a tab problem. Okay.