Right,
but good.
How are you?
My name is Rebecca
her.
Okay. I'm in Chicago and
No, I'm from Minnesota. I came here for college.
I graduated, but I went to Illinois tech. Yeah,
I
don't have a job. I'm actually studying for the jury right now. No.
I want to stay for a while. All my friends are here and I really like the city, so.
So what do you do for work?
And
yeah, that's,
It's,
yeah, I have one cat usually I would bring him over, but he's sick right now, so I'm trying to let him sleep. Yeah, he is a respiratory infection.
I, we took him to the vet. They don't think so. I think I'm pretty sure he doesn't have to go ahead, but
I hope not.
Yeah. Yeah, I've been healthy. So
yeah, he seems to be getting better. He's eating more now, so,
I think it's bacterial doxy cycling. I don't know.
It's probably just treat his symptoms. Well, it's not really a majority of symptoms. Howdy. I'm in the middle of a call. He's gonna, he's trying to tell me what the medication actually
does. I don't,
yeah. He's the one who went to the bed, so.
This is my main source of income.
Yeah. I paid a reduced amount of money.
Um Not really right now because I'm trying to focus on studying, but I've in the past, yeah, I've done like mturk a bunch. Welcome.
It's if you do, I would like maybe look at the Reddit or something. There's, if you don't know like which ones to do, you can end up like working for pennies. Right.
What happened
Minnesota.
Okay.
What?
All
Yeah. It's
very cold.
Yeah. There's not much to do. That's kind of why I left.
I was I was,
I didn't live in Minneapolis, but I was really close. But yeah,
no, I wanted like a bigger city and like, even I went back and even like the food choices were so much like slimmer than I remembered. Like I was trying to get indian food and I had one option. Just
one restaurant and that was it.
I
didn't
even excited. No.
Probably. I really like it.
Yeah. I really like spicy food.
I don't,
Uh Yeah, I listen to a lot of stuff, but mostly like indie, indie rock type things. What do you listen to?
Hello?
Apartment.
I've
one sister.
No she lives in florida. My family went down there because Minnesota is just too cold
with.
and they all love Disney so they wanted to be by Disney. Okay.
or
So do you just have the one son?
And.
I am.
And
What? Yeah.
Yeah that sounds great. I think that's how education should be, not like learning useless stuff that you're never gonna use in the real world.
Go to work.
Anyway.
Yeah I also went to a kind of different high school. Uh The premise of the high school was what if we educated kids like the ancient Greeks and romans did? Uh Yeah so latin was required for two years and I took it for four because you had to take a language for four years. Um We had instead of like history in english we had humanities for two hours every day and we would read a ton of books and then just like have discussion about them and we had to take a bunch of like logic with rhetoric and and and then I went into a stem fields. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Right,
Mhm. Uh Yeah I definitely think it gives me a different perspective, there's this like stereotype that engineers like can't write essays and don't
want to read books and stuff and I'm like I know how to do this
for
four
years,
Um okay so I got a degree in biomedical engineering and now I've decided I don't want to be an engineer, I think it's really boring and that's not what I want to do. Um So
I'm trying to get a masters in Biology so I can just do research.
Um
I mean it really depends on what I decided to do but yeah could be working on diseases um Be working with animals, be working with smells.
Yeah it's not like smile like most like the highest area of interest um like immunology and stuff. So I haven't really been looking for like covid related jobs but there's a lot more that have been created like just since March.
Okay. Honestly I don't even know because like we just stay home
like
we
don't we don't do anything besides like grocery shop. I think I think there's some indoor dining now. Um And outdoor dining right
they've
built some like bubbles. I've seen some place we have bubbles. Um But that's really it but
I'm
pretty
sure you still to wear a mask like in a grocery store and stuff.
Yeah
I know.
it's
studying go.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Not in Chicago.
I yeah I don't think I found a single actual biomedical engineer job in Chicago what I've
been looking. Um There there are some like in the suburbs but I don't I don't drive I don't want to go up. I've heard boston is really good. It's like a hug for being there. Yeah.
No not really because I'm gonna be switching fields a little bit anyway. Um
So
yeah things should look better for me on the biology front because there are a bunch of universities doing research that I can work at.
No unfortunately I've been to Canada for like an hour um
right and I've been to a decent amount of states but that's about it.
I would love to travel.
I
we had talked about maybe traveling a little bit after graduation, I'm glad we didn't like book anything
because
we could
have had cancel it all. Um Yeah that would have been nice but
no.
yeah that would be great.
very
different.
no
yeah yeah my sister my sister
is quite older than me so she had been in florida and then as soon as I went to college my mom just went to go join her.
No,
Um I've been watching Love Island,
I like
it's um it's like one of those kind of reality show, like dating shows. Um
I like that kind of stuff. I know a lot of people don't, but yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Okay.
I'm
not a box. Yeah.
I might have, we used to watch a lot when I was a kid.
That sounds familiar. Uh
it's
actually pretty cold. We had to turn the heat on for the first time.
Are
you
in south California?
Access.
Right.
What?
you're both.
Mhm. I don't think I've ever been to Malibu but I've been to California a few times.
I visited my friend, he lives in Orange County, I don't remember what
the name of it was. Um
and I've been to san Diego couple times.
Yeah.
I mean I don't think it ever stops but yeah, I mean I haven't really heard much about shootings and stuff recently.
There is some protests just not as often. Uh huh.
And
Clock.
Yeah. Thank you. It's nice to meet you.