Hi there, how
are you?
Alright, my name is Kathy,
nice to meet you. So where where are you calling from? I'm here
in California.
to Chicago many times. We originally were originally from Ohio, so in Cleveland area, so we'd go to Chicago many a weekend. So you have you always been in Chicago?
What what college are you going to?
now do you,
well it's hard to say do you have a job now or with the virus?
So that's kind of a good, you made good out of the situation that you have time to concentrate. Um So are you hoping to stay in Chicago or wherever?
Yeah. Yeah, well that's good. Mm
Well, so I was a teacher a long time ago and um then we we moved from Ohio to California and I home schooled my son um basically he's now a sophomore in high school. So I home schooled until he was a freshman. He went to he's going to a regular high school and so that was my job for all that time. Um And now I'm don't know, trying to figure it out so and you know, getting something right now seems crazy because nothing is going to pay enough to put my
life at risk so.
And home. So do you
have pets or anything? Are you?
Did. And I've heard of animals catching covid, Is there any chance?
But I mean like it usually
goes hand in hand with somebody in the house also having it so if you haven't had it. Yeah, there's probably less likelihood.
Well, I hope I hope he's OK.
Did they? What do they have to give them just to fight? It is a bacterial or virus?
What it is either.
You
probably knows more than we do.
Well, so we're both doing this for for mad money right now. Doing the jobs. Yeah.
You know, it's it's surprising the ones you can do, it can add up fast.
Are you doing other ones? I know there's
I haven't looked into them but thinking I will.
All right. That's good to know. Thank you. Yeah, I'll have to. I know I I my son gets me decided like I'm on amazon has something. Ugh, it's so confusing. I can't it wasn't easy for me to figure out. So I kind of gave up on it and maybe I'll go back. But yeah, it was exactly yeah. Everything seemed like so low payment that I'm like why am I wasting my time and you have to work so hard to even get it. And it's like no, this one seems pretty straight forward so far. So yeah. Um
so you said Minnesota or Wisconsin
Minnesota. Okay.
I've never been to Minnesota,
so I don't have a
I just know it cold
here.
So that's why I didn't go to Minnesota.
You felt that you were in like Minneapolis? Like in the big city
Aaron.
still not enough.
that was it.
But you know, that's funny because you don't think yeah, you didn't think about it when you
were
there,
but now you you see that there's choices and how fun it is to have the choices. And so is indian food your favorite food? Yeah.
Yeah. You like the spiciness?
Mm I say I liked i it's probably my favorite. I like the fresh nous of it within the cooked part of it. I guess out of what I think of thai food at least the kind that I get is, you know, fresh condiments added to it. That to me I
like like that textural thing. But so do you have um music that you like to listen to?
Well my husband's musician, so um I listen to what he plays,
which is a lot of jazz and rock, so I'm good at it. It's enjoyable to see anybody play live. I think that has always been, you can pretty much play anything in front of me and I like it, but maybe not everything. I'm not a big um you know, country fan, I'm not a big
opera man, but maybe if I watched it live, I would think differently. Um
um Brothers and sisters.
And is she still up in Minnesota or?
well that's an extreme
choice. You had it.
I've been done there one time to see Disney their button. That was years, I was in college. So
years ago, years, years years.
We have the one time, yes. And um it was enough. Um but he's, he's a great kid and the school that we found for him for high school is a project based school. So it qualcomm, have you ever heard of qualcomm? Which is not in SAN Diego, it's a tech computer engineering, whatever they're into, all that stuff from a long time ago,
they were saying we are not getting the workforce that we need for our things. They kind of founded this idea of the school down in SAn Diego and then throughout California is kind of spread. Um and so it's a high, it's called high tech high and
so their project based group presentations, it's, it's just, they don't, they don't do a lot of tests and memorization, it's all about Doing stuff and there's internships and there's college classes they have to take, it's just a whole different mentality. Um
100% go to college after they get 100%, you know, they they have a big huge counseling
thing that they actually have a class and advisory class for that. So starting freshman year, they work on getting resumes and getting their, their um, all the things you have to write for your college apps, they helped them the whole way throughout the four years. So it's a great school.
I I know, and I hopefully, I I'm I'm looking at this whole thing that's happened in education and so many people home schooling or virtual schooling or whatever you want to call it. I think it's going to turn into some better stuff. I think it's gonna move our educational system
to a better, more up to date, you know, all kinds of things because because because I also noticed kids are having some ability to put their voice in about what's happening, you know, that teachers are unsure of what they're doing and it is this okay, are we? You know, and so I think because we're getting kids involved in the process, I think, I don't know, I think good things are gonna happen, but I also think no more snow days, no more even sick days, if you can sit at, you know, in your bed, you can sit at a computer and do your classes.
That's, you know, Snow days were the happiest days. What I remember going up, you know, that was so exciting. But um no, I mean it will be interesting.
but you know, but you're coming from a different angle when you think about things so how can that not be good? I mean you're bringing something different to the table. Um I would think that would be a good thing. But that's interesting because like their their history and english are connected so they're probably they have it separate on paper, but they're doing kind of what you said. There's a lot of books and it history and they discuss it and allies it. So some similar similar things. Yeah.
Yeah.
Um
Go ahead
income.
We'll
do that. You
can do that.
Yeah. So with um with with that what kind of job are you thinking would make you happy?
Oh.
You want to do research? Okay. Um
would it be in the medical specific or I don't know enough how that's all divided up, but I'm sure there's more than just medical but maybe not. Yeah.
Yeah. Well would you guys get into this whole pandemic thing I mean is that a big topic of I don't know study I guess.
Yeah. Oh absolutely absolutely. Um So in Chicago how lockdown are you guys or what is the,
yeah that's
what
we,
Do they know what they're gonna do in the winter?
Because I mean
that's
all it
is.
Yeah I would hope so. Right.
Yeah
a lot of people aren't helping. It's
very frustrating.
And in the same like so here in California pretty much we're still on lockdown. We don't really have they have outdoor dining. Yes but no indoor um You know if you go to the beach you can't sit down you have to be exercising you know you can't go to the beach, you know, relax and it's now.
So, you know, there's some really odd to me rules, I guess, but like they closed so all the restaurants and the bars and festival, everything's closed. So of course being a musician, there's 00 jobs out there. And so what has happened is now, it's all private parties. Well, there's no regulations, there's no rules, there's nobody checking in. So he's going into these situations and these people's houses and nobody has a mask on and nobody's watching their hands and you know, it's
Russian roulette out there is what I call it. It's, you know, how how can he function? And it's not like they're great paying jobs either. I mean the good ones, there was, you know, when he was doing the festivals and the cruise ships and things like that and you know, they're no more right now, but I don't know a decision making. So would you advise um somebody going into to your field, is there a lot of well still available to that kind of thing or this?
Not in Chicago. Okay.
weird.
And would you consider moving to boston if you if it came down to it and Covid is gone and all that stuff?
Oh, okay. I see what
you're saying.
Yeah. Okay. But boston is an awesome, that's a, he said I was here again years ago because my youngest brother was doing a internship outside of boston. So for thanksgiving, we all drove there and and for some reason we had so did you know say it's the pilgrim, thanksgiving but we made crab and lobster. We didn't really have and put have you traveled a lot other than
mm.
Is it something you want to do? You know what I mean? Some people don't want to write. Yeah,
that would
be,
I
know it's hard to say. But
then,
Yeah. So we had, so last year, one of the people my husband works with, they do, he does a smooth jazz cruise. And last year's was we started in Sydney Australia and then we went down all through Australia And you know, for for while he was gone for two weeks. We were only gone for a week. And so
last spring there was supposed to be, we were ready to go to the british isles in Ireland and Scotland and all up in there. But obviously that was cancelled. And we had flights that we have to, we had my son and I have to buy our own flights for that. And it took me until august to fight for our money back. But they finally, finally we funded. I mean, I I because it was thousands of dollars and I'm like, I, I need the money now right now. So, but I did get it back. So I'll give a point to Delta because that's um, and then next year's was supposed to be africa and spain and Portugal, but that's now been bumped I think two years from now. So hopefully it will all come true and we'll do all those things. But
yeah, Yeah. Travel is, is changes your perspective of things. So it's a healthy thing to do. I think even within the states to, you know, you've been traveling in different states gives you it's different everywhere. I mean, I'm sure Minnesota and even in the city versus the rule, part of Minnesota is two different world
and then
florida is also different now. Did you ever live in florida with your family? The big
time they moved when you went to guide?
Thanks.
Okay. All right. That makes a lot more sense. One of those stories are they up and move and you come
home and break and they're not there um any good movies that you guys are finding that our series on netflix, I, we don't get netflix but we can get to it through somebody's account, but we don't watch it that often. The anything good you found.
Mm haven't
hurt.
Okay.
Well, I guess because they try to label it reality and you, it is so contrived and it written, it frustrates me that they can get away with protect. I mean just tell me that it's you know written and I'd be fine. But it's the, my husband was on american idol for a season. Is that one of the band guitar player. And it's so surprising all that really goes on and it's not real. It's very much they drive it how they wanted to present itself. Um
um But yeah that was a unique experience I'll say and he's still friends with a lot of the contestants. He still that's gigs with them. And um remember
when Well Scotty McDonald uh Scotty. So it was 10th
season to study
You never watch it.
Okay. I'm trying to think of Casey Abrams um Haley Reinhart. Uh
was good. It was a good reason. It was fun season that was when steven Tyler was a judge so that probably puts it into some perspective because he's not there anymore. So
mm. What's your weather today?
Why? I hate that day. It's depressing to me. Uh We're 100 degrees today so I wish
I
could.
we're in L. A. Yeah we're in,
yeah we're east east of I guess north east of L. A. Downtown L. A. But um it's so sprawling. You know one town after the other, it's all the same, you know? It's not really or when one big suburb um we live in in um Tarzana which is actually has a
lot of what it was named after. The guy who wrote Tarzan movies and whatever. He had his homestead here and that's what started little town. So and Encino is right next door
and that's where like Britney Spears went and got her tattoo when she went on, you know, so there's all this history
and the karate kid, one of the product that was all around this area. All that like the street signs and stuff. That's where they filmed with this whole area. So it's fun to find out things that were done here and then, you know, the movie or no, the sitcom or whatever you're like, oh um but as far as you know, it's integrated location where we can get to the highway quick to get the places. That's really boy. No. Uh huh Alibaba is gorgeous. I love going to Malibu,
where, where did you end up going? Mhm,
blow us.
that's lois
mm I love san Diego. It's a great brother lived there for quite a few years, so I had visited many times before we moved out here so I knew that and now he lives up in san Francisco. So now we get to go up there all the time, California is an amazing state. As far as you know, you can literally here we can go to the mountains and sea snow at certain times a year and I've back down and go to the beach. I mean, pretty amazing that there's so many choices of different things you're into. Like if you want to go the desert easy to get to. If you want to go to, you know, hiking, there's so many trails and form. I do I do like California for that part of it. People here a
little bit. Not in reality how I would describe it, but it's okay. We'll figure it out. I guess being together is the violence stopped in Chicago?
Yeah. Yeah. But I'm not saying even the protest and uh is that still going on? Right,
I mean, I don't know, I it's still going on here, not
as intense either, but it's still happening and still rioting like behaviors. I don't know. And now there's the whole thing that's happening in Armenia and and I'm not sure what the other country and there's a huge population of Armenians here and there protesting there blocking off the freeways every night, and and it's like we're not we're not fighting you. Why are you doing this to us that we can't function and go places? And so I'm kind of glad we're in the Lockdown because we don't have to. Well,
I think I know it says I was looking at our time, so we've gone in 25 minutes. All right. All right, well, I'll let you go and hope your kitty gets better.
Thank you.