crazy. Cool. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Uh huh. Oh. Mhm. Mhm. All right, mm hmm. Mhm. Thank you. Mm. Right. People. Right. Yeah. Oh, what? Mhm. This Uh huh. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Oh, you could. Okay. Okay. Yeah. And Oh yeah. Oh, mm. Yeah. Mm hmm. Quite Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. No. Or Mhm. Right. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mm mm. Yeah. Mhm. Sure. Okay. First. Yeah. Mm. Uh huh. Mhm. Who are you? Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Oh, your first name? Um Oh. Uh huh. Yes. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Uh huh. Oh, mm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, but yeah. Right. Mm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Mm hmm. Yeah. Uh huh. Even, you know,
hey there are
you?
I
was
I have my coffee to you.
I need coffee.
Don't
worry.
I didn't know if that was part of the thing of them to sit there and watch me on video
just to just sit there to see how long I would wait, you know,
if I would make a funny face. So
where
where
are
you
at?
I am right at the moment we are in Banner Elk north Carolina, so it's uh near Boone um kind of like about an hour and a half north of Asheville.
well we actually about a year and a half ago we sold all our house and all our stuff and went full time are being, so for the last month we've been here. Yeah,
it's been interesting, but with the coronavirus, you know, a lot of things have closed down, you know, and so that was a little bit nerve wracking, but I know it's probably good because right now there's hardly anyone at this campground, so it's been uh
we're like in the mountains nature and that's good.
we worked,
my sister thinks which my sister is like, you know I think you guys are crazy but if it makes you happy then
What?
wow.
So did you did you get like a fever and all the things that they say?
boy
china,
bye.
Oh good. You know I I got so quick to talking to you, I didn't even ask what your name was, I'm sorry.
I'm Audrey Atanasoff. I got along, I went from morgan to attend a soft so it's
a little bit
more difficult.
gosh.
So.
Yes yes yes yes, so it's been six years. Oh
Yeah I know that's what we're in the seven year itch or whatever they call it, right? We we're
not we're not spring chicken, we got married at uh was at 34, but we had our son when I was 38, so he's almost going to be too, and we both just turned 40. And like now I understand what they mean. Kids are for the young because he's so active and we just, we can't keep up with him.
Who?
So
what about,
so yeah, I um I had a full time career and then I'm doing more contract stuff now. Um
My husband introduced me to the prolific studies because they're just trying to get some flexibility with, you know, trying to be a good mom and all of that. So
I think so. He does a lot of like surveys and at first I didn't understand what he was doing. You know, I was like, he's just on his phone and taking these surveys. But this one I'm like, at least it's cash. You know, like some of the other ones, you know, you have to like get a gift card and then Yeah.
Absolutely
good.
That's
absolutely, I wish more of them were video because I I actually in our relationship I'm the more social one. And so I don't, you know, I mean, I don't feel bad that like some people seem annoyed that they've had to
self isolate and whatnot, but I'm like, if it's going to keep people safe, I'm fine doing that. But I do miss talking to people, you know, or just being able to get out. So. Yeah.
Absolutely.
Yeah, I agree with you. So I'll give you a little back story. We were we were actually, my husband's originally from europe in Bulgaria and we went to see my mother in law in february. So before we left, you know, they were just starting to talk about it, but it wasn't like anyone was really paying attention to it, but when we were there it started brewing and we got back February 29 and I will tell you, we flew, we flew through Istanbul, Istanbul to Boston
and in Boston to Orlando. No one took temperature tracks. T. S. a customs was a breeze. So I was really concerned because of that because I'm like if we were kind of right in the thick of it and nothing. Um so I think for me, my biggest challenge right now is trying to figure out what's real, you know, like you're up there in michigan on the news right there saying michigan is crazy right now
and I don't know what's
real, you know, and I'm so I'm very
worried. I mean we have a small child, I don't want to get him sick, I want us to be I'm more concerned about, you know my parents and my mother in law, You know they're they're 65 plus. My mom's got a ton
of you know asthma and all that stuff. So I mean for me as long as we can keep ourselves safe and not impact anyone else because we could have been a symptomatic, you know, I just feel like people are really selfish, people are being super selfish
like they don't see what how their actions impact other people. So I mean you know you said by the Grace of God were christians and like I I believe that there's
in all of this, you know
and
I
just
don't
know what it is, it feels like it's the end of the world, I don't know.
Good.
It's I think like because my sister and I have talked, we do um, through the bible app, we do those bible plans together. And you know, we've done a couple of coronavirus anxiety ones and you know, we've been like talking about and it feels like, I mean everything you read and learn about when you go to church is about the ways of the enemy and it feels like it's like kicking up our fear. But then I don't know at what point do
we, are we faithful
but not naive? You know, like, I mean, I can have faith that God's gonna do what he's gonna do. But does that mean I go to, you know, walmart without a mask and don't use sanitizer and so I don't know.
Yeah, we actually coronavirus is kicked up the, you know, we're like in very close quarters now we're are being. But before we were able to get outside more. So, you know, you kind of create, I just actually ordered us that marriage on the rock. The bible plan.
Let me hold on, I'll grab it really quick. It's
study. Uh huh.
One of my friends recommended it. His name is jimmy Evans. I had never heard of him. But uh it's uh God's design for your dream marriage. So this is the the
book
and
the
so
we'll see. I don't know, we're gonna
You take a toddler that's active, that doesn't like to sleep and then two people worrying about their families in this whole pandemic. And yeah, picks it up a notch.
It's um jimmy Evans.
I don't know.
had recommended it and
I thought, well, you know what, there's no, no time like the present, so we'll see.
So
yeah, it's interesting. So I grew up being more of the churchgoer and I would say my husband's like spiritual, but he um their greek Russian orthodox, so I would say it's probably a little bit more dogmatic than Catholicism, which is how I was raised. Um
and then, you know, me being
catholic like that didn't really resonate with me as an adult. So we we we, you know, we were going to a nondenominational bible based church and we got our son dedicated and all that, but I don't think um I realized how much we would miss the community, I miss the worship music more than anything, but yeah, you know, it was, it was one of those is a big church and I found we were kind of trying to have and to try too hard to connect, you know? So
No, so well, but I hope so. We're actually planning to stay here in north Carolina. Um
It's this town is where Appalachian state University is and so there's a lot of young families and stuff and before all of this was happening I was researching churches online so we're hoping, you know, I want I want us to have that but you know, I don't want to try so hard. Listen,
it's
it's okay question
but
Careful
what you ask for.
E.
Yeah. That's good. It's um we actually did um a study when I was still when we were living in our house, we lived outside of Jacksonville florida and I did a bible study about, you know um the rest that you get through your relationship with jesus and I still haven't quite achieved that, but you know, just trying not to force everything and um,
you know, we're, but so we we actually purchased some property here
and we're gonna be living here, like we're gonna set it up so that we can have the RV there and figure out, you know, in terms of like if we're going to build a house or whatnot, but we're trying to simplify, you know, we had, we lived in suburbia there outside of Jacksonville and we didn't like it, you know, just lot of, it's just like typical um petty um entitled people. Yeah.
And just,
you
know
like this isn't what we, what we wanna like, these are the kind of values we want our son to have, you know, we wanna,
yeah, so we, we felt the Lord move us to do this and everyone else thinks we're crazy some days, I think we're crazy. But uh, you know, so it's
that's
that's right.
cool.
blah.
That's
Thank you. Thank you. And if you don't mind me asking this, um, one of the things, you know, I've been reading a lot about of just, you know, saying that the coronavirus is affecting more of like, you know, the african american
community is, I mean, so being up there, especially being there
like motor city where they're saying it's affected so much. I worked at autotrader dot com for most of my career. So I've been up to Detroit so many times, working with Penske
and all of that. We've, so we really like it, we like michigan, but it just,
is,
is there a lot of fear in the community and now, I mean, is that real? Or is that just what the news is saying?
We don't
know.
Yes. Yes.
No I don't I don't disagree. I really think this is a conspiracy to try to kill us all and see how compliant will all be. It seems a little crazy. I don't know
it.
No
but my but my husband is and
I
don't know it's a big problem for us.
All
No 100%. I actually so my my best my best friend is black so we're good you know I don't know I always said to her like is it okay to say black you know
but
her and I agree we actually both went um we tried to go like vegan together and
you
know and it's that's part of the reason we're doing this whole RV thing
and buying the property is we want to grow our own food because you're absolutely right. The food that is available to anybody in this country that can't afford to buy local produce or anything. I mean what we have at walmart, half of the stuff comes from, I mean like the fishes from Panama and Vietnam, the cucumbers are from, you know
Mexico.
Yeah and I dont publix is one of our grocery stores. We want to get fish. We were like yeah let's make some fish, you know and it's all from somewhere else and you know with all these that the um Tyson and the smithy field, the ham,
all of that stuff is you know they grow it here and they process it in china, how does that make sense? You
know? But so like all of we're so disconnected from like our food source, you know,
and we've watched a lot of documentaries about how in Detroit, how in some of the inner city areas where they just demolished the old homes, how they're turning it into gardens and having the youth come out like why isn't the government trying to teach us how to garden right
now so that no one is afraid that we might run out of food,
you know,
they
don't and
so
I
agree
it comes back to diet because if we're all eating Mcdonald's and you know, bad food for us, like it's just nothing that sustaining life, you know?
I thought it was gonna be like an awkward thing where I'm like watching the clock.
Dirty.
absolutely.
I know, I mean that they always say follow the money, you know, and I just I don't know if it's necessarily like a conspiracy against the black community, but I think for sure there's a conspiracy to make sure that these people that are the rich ones that are way richer than donald trump or anything to make sure that they're always on top and I think that the rest of us are dispensable, you know that they don't care
about,
you know, I mean we even when I was, you know, I had a full time career like with Autotrader and I had a pretty good position with them and my husband was a tennis coach at a country club,
you know, working both working full time and stuff, but even then it was hard to make ends meet and we always said we didn't even have a son then, so we were like how do people have, you know, 34 kids, both of them are working and I said like this is like, like they say that we're on the family, I mean if we're all running ourselves into the ground, just trying to put
food
on the table who can actually have like loving meaningful conversations, you
know,
and all of that. And
so that's what we've been trying to simplify with this life of just, you know, could we live in a home? Sure, But then we have the mortgage and then we're working so hard to pay the mortgage and then who's going to cut the grass and then it's just like all your time and energy is spent dealing with the stuff, you know, and I think our country is based on people consuming, you know, they don't want us to
stop
going to wal mart and buying stuff. You know, if we were
able
to plan our own food and didn't really need them, then I think that would be bad. So I think we're all sort of, you know, in the trap. Um you know, I got sucked in yesterday, that's why I was a refill and my
head from home, but I had to go to the Starbucks drive thru I didn't need that coffee. I mean,
no, but it's just like all these things that were just also heavily wrapped up and stuff
that doesn't matter.
You know?
Absolutely.
that's
amazing.
I
agree.
I mean, some days were like, wow, we're really crazy, you know? But it is it's it's a blessing and but you know, if we're going to grow our own food, that's not easy. I'm
not a farmer.
I always said I was a plant killer. You know, those little lucky bamboos, the little ones that's like people say you can't kill them. Well I killed that. So I'm like now we're gonna go in like grown fruits and vegetables, we'll see how that go,
That's
So they did do, so when they first started out they would work with anybody that would allow them to send the inventory to auto trader, so they had more um because my husband and I met in Atlanta, so we lived there for like 10 years, that's where auto traders
So I have worked mainly with like the larger,
like dealer dealership groups like Penske, Carmax automation. Um
I work with that felt Feldman up there.
they're up in um oh my God, I think the upper Peninsula, how do you guys do that thing with the hand
about
michigan? Yeah,
yeah, so I mainly worked with them, but I think that's what got me kind of Yeah, I got to see these are like these are like the people who are living the good life, you know, and no, everyone talks about one to make it better experience for the consumer, get them the best price by the car online and you know, at the end of the day they all just want to make money, they're not
really do the right thing and I think I just got sick of, I was trying to help people that didn't want to be helped, you know? And so
only money and so you know, if we could help them with something, but it was going
to cost a little more,
they wouldn't want to spend it, but yet they say that's what they want. Um so it was, it was good though, the company is owned by um cox enterprises, so they own a lot of newspapers, radio, tv, cable and it was a really great, they treated us good, you know, we had really good health benefits and a lot of community service and you know, so I like that part of it, but the car dealer side I didn't like,
so now we're doing Obamacare, so we were on the
Yeah. And you know what's interesting is that the first time because I always worked for a bigger company um and my husband was always an independent contractor, so he just, he just said, hey, I'm healthy and took the penalty each year and didn't have health insurance, so
he
never would go to the dentist and all that. So I've been the one to force
him,
but I was so scared to quit my job because of the health insurance. And
then when we applied it wasn't that bad. The options
aren't that,
so it's like,
you know,
more than things like, it's like everyone's like, Obamacare sucks. I thought it was just fine.
So I mentioned you, my husband, he's originally from Bulgaria, so my my mother in law still
lives there and you know, it's, it's socialism,
they're the bad social problem, you know? But you know what, no one over there is worrying if they're sick if they go to the doctor that it is recovered. Like you, it's just, it's just totally different. And I'm not saying that things are great there because it's kind of fallen apart over there, but you know, as a young family, you're not trying to think about, okay, what are we going to do about health insurance? How are we going to save for college? What about retirement? Like all those things are part of being part of the society? Yeah
and I mean it's not like I mean the the average wages there aren't that great but at the same time you're not each month paying for health insurance, you're not trying to save up for your kid's college or retirement, like it's like that's all I feel like we spend our time thinking about and it's just so different, you know?
So I it's interesting you asked this because I asked my husband these questions a lot and I kind of feel dumb that I don't know, but you know when
everyone says oh communism right? Like I think I think we all fear is fascism, which is what the nazis were, right?
And so communism, he actually until he was nine, he grew up
in
communism and he said everyone talks about it that it was so bad, but they actually had a really good life. Um Everything was care of, there was no crime but there's no consumerism they limit like like for them only in december would they have bananas? Because no other countries that were communists through bananas so they don't have them in plenty. You know it's not a plentiful
time. You're more and you have to be on board with what the government says, but at the same time your education is taken care of health care, but when when we came over there and we were like bombing Serbia, they be Bulgaria became our ally. And um that's when like all of the U. N. Kind of stuff set up chop there. And so he feels that was like the the demise of their country because that's when like the human trafficking, the drugs and prostitution started because you know we came there and the western ways came and change over from communism to socialism wasn't very good because if you're if the government's controlling everything but the government is corrupt, then people were left without anything. And so I think that's the biggest thing, but then like Germany and Sweden, they're all socialists and so my brother in law, he's huge trump rush Limbaugh like, you know, likes to fight and I said, listen like either way you're you're always gonna pay for it. So whether they take it out of your paycheck and the government provides these for us or they continue to take taxes out of my check and don't give me anything to show for it, then I have to go and pay for this, pay for that you're paying either way, you know, wouldn't it be better if if like, let's say that every person, whether they were black, hispanic asian white, if we all knew every day that if we got sick we could go to the doctor, if we have Children, we can educate them and then when we retired will be able to live a decent life but we're in fear every day trying to keep it all together so we're like the land of the free, but really I don't feel very free,
you know?
absolutely
absolutely.
Bulgaria,
so it's right next to Greece and Turkey,
I know
and I I get good because I had a girlfriend um she her husband and my husband were colleagues um but she was a veterinarian and she went to L. S. U. Down in Louisiana, Her student loan debt to go to Vette School $250,000. So how on earth is a veterinarian ever going to repay that? So you're like in shackles the rest of your life, you know, and you know, hopeful stresses, I think like the worst stress, you know, besides your health. So it's um I don't know, we're not in a good place in this country, but I'm hoping that this whole coronavirus at least exposes some of these things and people start to see that we need to, we need to do better, you know?
All
Room.
Well,
I mean, you think about it if we're in a true democracy, we all should be voting for what's good for the greater good of the people, not just what's good for me. And
I think that most people vote what's good for just themselves and they don't think about other people, You know, I mean for me, I don't think that it's right that, you know, we're throwing away and dumping all this milk and there's people starving. Like how does that even make sense?
You know?
It's
just
crazy.
Tell
me
here.
I got
some
good.
Well, you want to know the funny thing or not funny. My essence said
he'll vote for him again. I'm like, are you
crazy?
I don't understand you right now,
but
I mean, I
think, I think that he's going to win because I I just don't I don't not like joe biden. I just don't know that he's strong enough to defeat, you know, trump.
that's
my opinion. I don't know.
I know. I was shocked too.
We're
Awesome. Yeah. So, God bless you and your wife. I
hope that everyone
stays healthy and uh
thank you.
Thank you.
What's up?
Youtu be
blessed, Take care.