two. Hello, can you hear me?
Hey there,
how are you doing?
I'm
okay. How are you?
Do you? Sorry?
Oh, yeah, yeah, I I lived my coffee. Sorry, uh, have you waiting? I was actually waiting on them to send me an email and I was like, well, duh, they already sent it to me. So
here
we go,
remember.
All
So
what
you
want
to talk
about? I'm in warren michigan right outside of Detroit, uh, somewhat of a suburban area tonight. Where are you at?
Okay. Never heard of it. But familiar with north Carolina. So you said momentarily, are you guys just doing this because of the corona thing?
wow.
Right.
that's kind of cool. That's pretty nice. I'm not that adventurous,
but that's beautiful.
right. No, I think it's beautiful. Do what you like. I, um, I actually think I got, I think on my line I'm an independent contractor, I do a lot of, uh, computer work stuff online, but on my last job, I think actually caught the coronavirus, but I wasn't aware of it. And so because uh I uh I sort of isolate
myself by nature just because of what I do just me and my wife and uh I I actually think I had it, so uh
I'm glad that I work from home anyway because it could have affected other people, but uh so it's a little frightening, but it worked out for me,
yep, yep, I had a fever um already I have asthma, so
I had
a fever, I had shortness of breath, but I kind of thought, well, I just have asthma, but it was worse than usual, I was getting the chills. And uh the thing that really concerned me was a fever. I had a
consistent fever and I couldn't break it, and my wife, you know, I didn't want her to catch it. Right, You know, because neither one of us a spring chicken, so you know, so we couldn't, you know? But uh yeah, so now I'm forced to work at home, but not that I I do it, I wouldn't wanna do anything else. I love it.
Oh yeah, I'm sorry. Yeah, brian Edie, what's your name?
tennis
off.
Okay. Okay. How long you've been married? I
mean, I assume
you've been married?
Okay, newlyweds sort of.
We
Yeah, I could imagine we've
been married 25 years. Yeah, thank you. Thank you. Yeah, so it well actually it will be 25 december. Yeah.
So is
this how you make your money?
But
Right. Right. Right, prolific is pretty awesome, aren't they? I think so,
yeah, yeah. I do a lot of surveys and I'm shocked because I used to laugh at it and say, well no spend their time doing surveys well now me uh and so many other things, but I'll tell you what uh internet marketing is pretty awesome. Uh It takes some time to build it up.
And I've got I've got quite a few things that are going on and and like
I said, you know God's grace, I I won't have to work a 9-5, so this is pretty awesome
and I get to meet interesting people.
that's good.
that's pretty cool. So what do you, what do you think of this? So uh I don't want to ask someone. Uh What do you, how long do you think this is gonna last? When, when when do you think we should go back? Because that's like me and my wife has been kind of debating with the family. I I kind of feel like to me, I don't care when they tell me to go back and well, I'm not going to be going back anyway, but if they told me to do it, I wouldn't be so concerned with what the government or the Congress said, I'm more concerned with my health.
What do you think?
What?
It
is
and
Sure.
I do too.
No, I'm married.
So am
I.
So
am
I? Yeah,
it does, doesn't it? That's interesting that you say you're christian, I'm a minister, so it works out. Yeah.
Yeah. So we yeah, we have our little church over the phone and they're like pastor, when are we gonna, you know, get started again? I, you know, I don't know, I'm not I'm not like you said, I don't want to be selfish, right? And uh, you know, I'm praying on it when when I feel God saying release, that's what I'll do.
What?
But
No, I I agree. I I I me and my wife, we were praying this morning and it was like, well, just like you said, you know, the bible tells us not to tempt the Lord. Right? So it's like, well, we have faith. But what, you know, you have to use some wisdom to because when we go we I walked to walmart, sometimes it's so close and I have a mask, You know, I don't want people getting too close, but you're absolutely right. There has to be faith move, but I don't want to die, you know, in the process. So, uh, yeah, awesome, awesome, awesome.
I really wouldn't.
Yeah. Let me, yeah.
Yeah. I'm going to actually write it down.
Marriage
on
the rocks.
All right. I'm going to write
it down,
but yeah.
Right. Exactly. Who is the publisher of that?
Jimmy Evans. Okay. Yeah. I'm going to share that with my wife. Yeah. Yeah.
So, yeah.
But
Right. Right. So that's interesting with you guys being on the road. How do you, you do a lot of your bible study and your RV or are you connected with the church by phone? I mean that's interesting
to me.
Okay.
What?
So y'all didn't jail with the rest of the congregation?
Okay.
Right. No, I understand completely understand completely what this whole thing was a little strange to me. Um but I'll tell you a little funny story. Excuse me sorry about
that. Um
with me
we were we were having church inside of a a senior citizen's building. So a lot of the through a friend of ours, so a lot of people coming to the service. So between that me working, uh and I was, I was on site they're dealing with my wife sickness, everything. So I prayed, I said Lord I need a rest, you know? and I didn't I didn't mean like this though. I
didn't mean like
it
was like well I didn't I didn't mean for an entire year but so I can relate I can relate even though we're not you know in the RV but there's still that remote you know we're kind of off to ourselves but I'm not gonna lie to you I I I kind of enjoy it outside of the human connection but I listen I don't mind the rest at all. I don't
sure
but
wow wow. Okay. Okay
I
can
relate.
right as christians yeah. Oh no I I understand completely understand completely.
but you know I I look at it like this I think when you're christian you you got to be a little crazy because you know you never know when the Lord is gonna tell you to do something, so you know what, we live by faith, not by
sight, so you know, to the current world, it's gonna always
seem insane, you know? But I, I remember before I got to say I was, believe it or not, I was a punk rocker, I was in the heavy metal and slam dancing And uh,
so when I met my wife who happens to be like 17 years, my senior, um, a lot of my friends were like, yeah brian is, you know, brian Trenchard, you know, because we lived in the hood in the inner city at the time, well it was sort of hood ish, and they were like, yeah, right, you you you you save you in the church and, and I made a complete turnaround and they didn't believe it and now, 25 years later they were like wow it was serious.
Said, well that's the power of the Lord, it wasn't me, you know, so
more power to you and your husband in the RV.
african
But
What?
Much
it's pretty cool.
No,
no it's
very real. Um There is fear outside of the normal fear that exists in Detroit anyway, I'm just being honest. Uh
Right right. But yeah it is a fear but it is an interesting thing me and my wife talked about I think as an african american. And me and my wife, we we've talked about this that we you know we have family members who think it's a you know a conspiracy to kill black people. You know, you have different theories.
I
mean I wouldn't put it I mean I don't wanna I don't know if you're trump supporters so I want to be careful. Okay
I'm not
we
have
so I'm not but 22 sort of relate
to what you said. I wouldn't put anything past him. I wouldn't but I believe from an african american perspective it has to do with maybe there is maybe there is a conspiracy man. I don't know but I think it has more or less more to do with our diet, do you know what I mean? African americans.
No it's
all right. It's okay. It's okay.
Well that's
that
look
I
didn't know that
Who?
It doesn't
jesus.
wow.
And
because I don't think because I don't think they care,
I
don't, I don't yeah, I
don't
think
they care.
No, no. And you know, and I'm glad we're you know that this is so cool that we can talk so open because I didn't know, you know like what kind of person am I gonna be talking to?
Yeah, we're sitting here going, okay, what next? But here's
the thing yep, african americans and I can say this african american, we we we don't like the whole country doesn't have the greatest diet, but that's especially true for us, especially when you go back to the, I don't know tradition of soul food and my wife talk about it, which is basically just southern food, but we go to an extreme with it. Right? So I think me and my wife, we think that that's part of the reason why more african americans are dying. And then it's an economics thing, right? I mean, if you go into certain parts of Detroit in the inner city, it looks like Vietnam literally. I mean, it's terrible. So you you do have these pockets of people who are, you know, using the land next to them to create these little uh, little arms, I guess. But the majority of people still running the Mcdonald's there, you know, it's unhealthy. So now we have this pandemic. So of course, uh, it's gonna affect at least I think you let me know your thoughts on it. It's going to affect the people who are maybe the most economically challenged.
And so, and so that that's what I think is happening to and and it could be a conspiracy. I don't I don't doubt it, but I just haven't given a lot of thought, but in this world, who knows?
I believe
that.
okay. All wrong,
Come
on.
No,
you're right, you're
Absolutely,
It
is,
I
agree.
All
don't have to have Starbucks? Right.
depended
on. Right now, it doesn't matter. I I've uh I thought about this, I have a I have a laptop, have a Chromebook, which I'm on now. They had a cell phone. I got I got amazon echo uh I got a PC and I'm like, you know, do you do you really need all of these things? And it's like, no, I'm just used to buying it. You know, I'm I'm a
computer gate. But I'm just thinking now that this has happened, I'm like, well does that really matter? No, it doesn't matter. Uh So I agree we consume too much and uh this is, this situation really makes you look at what's important.
Uh Me and my wife, I love the fact that we're here together. I mean we've always been close but we're closer Uh and I give all praise to Christ because how do you get closer after 25 years? But I actually feel closer to her uh
because
of the hardship. Because of hardship. Not not the comfort. Right. I mean the comfort is good but the hardship is what brings you together, which I think it's a
beautiful
thing but like with you and your husband going through I think is I mean again good for you? really?
no
no.
Yeah see how that works. Right. Right. Well you know you know the Lord so let's see how it works out. It'll work out.
That's awesome. So what autotrader that's amazing to me wasn't autotrader connected to Ebay?
about okay.
murder.
Okay.
So tell me I don't think I know Phil Feldman.
With
the thumb
like up towards Canada I guess Yeah.
money.
Right. Right. They want money it's all about the money
it
but.
No it doesn't sound all that pleasant so if you don't mind me asking what do you what do you do for health insurance?
well yeah that's what I do yeah it works.
I
have.
What
happened?
Health insurance.
No,
no
no they're
not.
Right. Right. Right. I thank God for because without it I'd be hit so I'm very grateful. But see I'm gonna be honest with you though, I had a lot of pride when it you know, first came out and like you know Obamacare, you know I pay for my own. Well that that didn't last too long. You know, the reality is it's extremely expensive without some kind of assistance. And I tried it doesn't work doesn't mean trying to pay it for yourself is insane. It's really insane
but
Well.
brother?
Mhm. You know that's so interesting that you say that really? And I you know, I can see we can use the 25 minutes up easily, but this this is so interesting, so okay, what I've studied this and I've always had a little bit of trouble understanding the difference between socialism and communism. Uh now it seems to me, I mean maybe, you know, better it seems to me that socialism is is more programs controlled by the government, Is that is that what it is, essentially?
eager.
Yeah.
thank
you.
Well.
No,
I don't either, I don't either, and that's why the question, because I, you know, um what's his name, you know, Bernie Sanders was supposedly more of a social and to be totally honest with you and after listening to you, I don't sound like such a bad idea to me to incorporate a little bit, you know incorporate a little bit of it into it because I like that I have health insurance and I don't have to pay
for it. Uh
and in Russia and you say Bolivia is where your husband
is from.
brief. Do they get free education? They get, wow. And here we are the richest country in the world supposedly and we have to pay for everything, wow.
I
Yeah. Yeah. So you know, you know in the next election there, you know there's a there's a possibility that um college
will be paid for, you know, that that that's
kind of on the roster. Um they're talking about that. Um well there's an opportunity for you to vote whether or not the government will pay for our health insurance and all of that and doing surveys. You know you get all these kind of questions and I think I've been linked towards the socialism Socialist Communist and I hate to admit it but I've been sort of thinking doesn't sound like such a bad idea to me, you know?
Not
The rich.
I just
don't
want
to work.
How do I milk food money? Yeah so yeah so All right well that's uh it's kind of made my day them I
don't
I don't
feel
so
bad
with the black communists. Uh huh. Yeah
Good
for
trump. Are you serious?
I
don't either. I don't think that because I think you know everybody has it right? But I think this guy, it's such I believe he's a sociopath. I believe that in my heart I believe he is so insane that the reason why he has been telling everybody to go back to work is not because he cares about us, not because he cares about the economy, he just wants to win. And he is such a psychopath that he would send people back to work regardless of how it affects their health as long as he wins. So I'm with you. I I respect everybody's right to vote however you want to vote, but
not
route. Really. That's
it.
No, no, no, I I understand because I'm definitely going to vote and I I pray to God that he that he beats him, but I didn't think the guy was going to win the first time. It was like the twilight zone. I couldn't believe it.
I
couldn't believe it, wow. This has been uh pretty cool.
We
still
to God your husband. Yeah.
All
right. Nice talking with you. Have
blessed day.
All