Oh hey there.
Mhm. Um Doing pretty good, you know it's friday um it's kind of hot where I'm at, I don't know where it's like where you are.
Oh wow, I'm in California so
um northern California so kind of the
bay area. Yeah.
But we always have chocolate.
Yeah we've been I think in lockdown since about mid March, I don't know what's been like in pennsylvania. Oh.
What
do you say?
But
Uh yeah I've been working from home, I work from the
government so were considered essential um
been handling a lot of claims that seems to be what most government
were doing these days
and you know just only going out as well for grocery stores um you know maybe walking around on those face masks and you know just making sure. Mhm. Mhm. I think my uh hair net cut out a little bit there.
No.
bet. Uh
Um Yeah, so I have one younger sister um she finished up college maybe a couple years ago and she work school district, she's actually still working as well because she does cafeteria service and so you're trying to make sure all the students are still getting that lunch if they need it, you know, keeping the community fed. Um And then my mom also is the school district workers, there's kind of a trend here in my family. Um And he's works in the library. Um She's kind of been on furlough just because you know, they had to close down the life and then my dad um you know, he does like engineering. Um But I couldn't I couldn't explain to you what he does. Yeah,
but then. Mhm.
Who?
And.
I've never been I think probably the closest I ever got is I worked in D. C. For about a year. Um That was also government and lived in Maryland. Um But you know just sort of that more northern East State area. Um Yeah so not not quite too close I would say. Yeah.
I remember hearing about it but I got I mean the Smithsonian's are there and you can spend a week and never
see everything. See.
Yeah mid March I'm sorry my hair nets sometimes here so it makes it a little
bit awkward.
Yeah. Yeah it's coming through
family
and
it's about, yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah I'm still here somehow.
Cut
to
him.
it was
so
weird.
It
did
the same one. Yeah, I did The same on my end to this is I wonder if this is part of the experiment. Yeah.
Uh
I don't
have
just like
at home.
And
Did you like throw away your alarm clock, was that?
What,
what?
Yeah, yeah, today they were supposed to start opening up sort of more outdoor activities. So um like golf courses as long as you stay away from each other. Um I
think nurseries in terms of, you know, the plant nurseries, you could go there and pick up some plants. Um
but there's not
opening up for example
restaurants but still only and so definitely, you know, people I think are happy things are opening, but I'm
also
hearing a lot of frustration
from small business
owners especially who are saying, you know, we were also essential like we can't pay another
month's rent without income coming in, so
it's kinda one of those hard
balancing
points of saving lives and also you know, making sure that people can still afford to pay what they need to pay.
Uh huh.
I
good change. So you think um like you went on a cruise and you want, it sounds like you and your husband will be traveling a bit more like what's what's on your bucket least.
Thank
you.
too recently, I was, I'm a
bit of an oddball, you can tell them for young. Um
and
I was
one
of those kids who actually
read through all of the HR stuff
and I said, well if I save up all these hours of vacation time, that when I retire, I can trade in for pension
time for a while, I wasn't taking any vacation. Um but this past fall I gone
to a really bad car accident and actually still have a crutch on with me, you're recovering, uh you know, had a pretty badly broken leg. And I kind of came to this realization of, you know, like you can't wait until you're 62 and you're eligible
to retire, like
there's something you've got to do while you're still healthy enough to do them. Um So, you know, I'm still
working
on building back up my leg strength um because you know if you have your leg in a cast for a few months hit pretty much yeah skin and bones um
But you know I'm just trying to think of like what to do once the world opens up when I was younger I graduated kind
of coming out of the great recession, I mean it was not during the great recession, I was still in high school and then college um But I remember, you know having a bachelor's degree and competing to fold clothes
at T. J. Maxx. Yeah this isn't you went to school
for, so I ended up english in south Korea for a year um Just as a way to sort of ride out, you know the loss of that great depression recession and it's really fun, I didn't speak a word
of korean. I came in being able to read the letter a um I actually, I actually um bought
dish soap and I thought it was shampoo and
then
I was, the water here is still bad for your hair and then someone finally told me
I think there's a
part of me that sort of thinking, you
know,
wouldn't it be great
to go, I mean again you don't know when the world's go open up again, but
it be great with abroad.
I thought it was such
a good experience to learn how to communicate, you know, across cultures. Immediately. People looked at me and they thought it was korean, so I was looking for
them.
No, I'm yeah, I'm actually part chinese american and part japanese american, which is the
interesting combination right there,
but.
Yeah.
Hi.
So
what?
the court
I learned
a little bit, I'm trying to remember. Okay, so
for example um
here's how you say
I am an english teacher, you would say younger sanctioning
you need to and that means I am an english teacher, so I got
really good at saying that because that was my excuse for everything um and then you could also say I am an american, so that's me goop Saddam,
that means american person in media and any does just sort of like to be, it's a verb
just very basically Uh
this
what?
okay. Uh huh
I came
back for christmas just because I was kind
of missing things like peanut butter um I mean, you know, it's funny what you find out that you really miss when
you're not
I think
I would go back and visit. I'm actually really
curious what ended up happening with a lot of students I worked with because I didn't work in Seoul
which is a big city, I worked in rural south Korea and a lot of the students I was
teaching
were
you know sons and daughters farmers and
a lot of them didn't really see how english could be helpful to them. They were like I'm never going to, you know, move to the city
and work
for Samsung so why would I need to learn this and And
long enough I think they'd be in probably middle school to high school. Um I worked with elementary school students in 3rd to 5th grade and
so
I guess I would be curious to catch up with them. I don't know if they would remember me but I suspect
would
um let me think probably about 5 5 years ago. Yeah.
No
it
was kind
of a hit and miss. I think it was helpful if you spoke a little bit of korean. Um When we got there they did a summer long training course um in terms of how to teach and then
sort of a crash course in korean. So pardon
me just you know you know to read the language, speak basic phrases.
Um But once I got
into the village I think there's maybe only one
teacher who spoke some basic
english. And
from
there it was a lot of google translate to be honest.
then you know sometimes I go to the grocery store
I bring a little notebook with me and sometimes I have to draw what I wanted to I
3rd to 5th so I
think that's roughly 89-10 year olds some
11 year olds if they were a little bit older.
This is
Quick.
Yeah.
Yeah definitely
what I've heard too just because it's
of up and coming world
economic power and so I heard a lot of parents are thinking towards the future
you know english is the business language. Um Have you heard
of the tearful certificate that teaching english as a foreign
language?
Because I've heard a
lot of employers
also
look for that and
I don't know if you need a college degree for it or not but it could be worth looking into.
T E. F like fred and l like line and
that stands
for teaching english as a foreign language.
Yeah and it's a teacher to this could be something you know?
what?
What?
No.
so
I um so both of my grandparents fought in World War Two for the U. S. Army and one of them was actually in France during this really famous battle. Um He was japanese american and
there's there was this lost Texan battalion in the forest right near Germany and
apparently they got surrounded
by nazis and the U. S. Army was kind of like let's do a rescue mission and
he was part of this battalion that went through and rescued this
particular you know stranded and made territory um group
and then afterwards he hung around and he started liberated a lot of french
towns along that german border. And so
there was a part of me my french is not good, I took two years in high school um so I think I can only say that in my name. Um but you know there was a part of me that would really like to go back and visit that place because by the time I understood history and I could talk with my grandpa, he was getting Alzheimer's and he was forgetting um a lot. Um but there is a book that I think my dad has where when he was younger he went back to um France and he took the sort of journal with him and there's a number of people who wrote in there and said you know my dad was in this town and you know he remembers when you guys came in and saved him. I kind of want go and trace back and see if there's any of these families still left um
just so I could maybe talk with them in my broken french
speaking.
um so I used to actually bike everywhere um just because it was mostly sunny days um but I would even bike in the rain um but you know with the basically
what happens, a car hit me, so that's why
yeah, while I was biking, so um
that's why my leg is currently out commission, but where I live is public transit is decent, I would say in the city core, but once you move into the suburbs or even a few miles out from the city core, you pretty much need a car. But luckily, you know, I've been able to have friends to help out and then with work from home, I'm sure like okay, I longer to make a big purchase like a car, the happier I am and the happier in my life mhm
um It was last fall, so pretty bad um you know, it's a bad sign when you get into the er and they ask you do you want Chaplin? You
know,
you
know, I'm really fortunate to still be here um you know, one of the things was a broken neck and I'm real glad I'm not paralyzed um you know, so
I feel someone was looking out, you know?
great
I
definitely like that.
Yeah, you know
it's getting late when
Oh, I mean, I think this has been, you know, a good conversation, I mean, you know, for me it's like, and
I'm sure you're feeling this too, you know, as long as we're shut down, it's just sort of a limbo period right now,
yeah, I signed up through that
that
you're a little early,
huh,
Yeah, like I'm a little bit less than five years in and they say about five years, you vest for, you know, that bare bones pension because they calculate it kind of by how many years that you work and then average
out your salary on top of that, um but I, I think,
you know, given the way that sort of the pensions are going in public service, you know, it's a little bit up in the air as to whether or not they still continue to offer really good health care options and I'm over 3.5 decades out from, you know, that retirement age really,
but
I know if my parents, you know, they don't get the they're not part of the public retirement systems, so their plan is to try and work as close to
um 70 that they can, so that way they're eligible for, you know, the um was it the Medicare? Yeah, and
then also to max out their Social Security as much as they can, so
it's definitely something I try and keep in mind. Um you know, I remember when I first started working, I opened up a Roth ira, I'm so happy I read, you know, But Mhm. I think, I think it's cutting now again,