there and
It's not bad. A little cold, but not, not too bad. It's weird state at the moment though, because it's cold in the morning and hot, not hot in the afternoon, but warm, so
it's like, it's almost like the dress for two different types of weather.
I know. So
where are you at?
it's 10 o'clock here, so
you got bright
and early?
So
fun, What do you do?
Yeah. Cool. Yeah, I've actually just moved back here from the UK about six months ago and uh trying to get back on my feet pretty much, so
Um No, but my my I got married over there and you know, I lived over there for a couple of years and stuff like that, so um but yeah, I know, I'm originally from texas.
yeah, that's that's pretty far west. Yeah, yeah, I grew up in the Dallas area and I've lived in Austin and san Antonio so, but
I
know somebody who lives in el paso, but I haven't actually lived there myself, so.
Yeah, I'm not 100% sure myself actually.
Well,
people in my family have been, yeah, I'm not, I'm not a big sports person myself, but you know,
Well I guess for fun, well I like, so I like the outdoors actually like, you know, outdoors is fun. Um Not when it's cold. I actually, I like it kind of, you know, in the middle, not too hot, not too cold. Um You know, kind
of between 16 80 is about perfect.
Yeah, well you got the tropical thing going on, so, you know, you probably used to see, the thing is I'm from him, I'm from texas, so we get hot and humid a lot, especially in the summer. So, but the thing is it gets over 100 and then it's like as too much. Um
But
I did now if it's over between 80 and 90 I do like it for swimming. I actually really love to go
swimming
and I like I like to swim outdoors better than indoors. So.
see that would be that would be nice especially for swimming. Um You know, and I like I like whether it's going to a pool or whether it's going to lake or the ocean, it doesn't really matter to me but I just like to swim. Um
I've never
been
I've never been there but I'd love to go.
Yeah, it's kind of cool to go and go in a climb Mount Kill away or something that you kind
of you
know just to say I just to say I've been in a volcano. Uh huh.
It was just
not
not
winning throughout thing of course.
But you know, I know they can do that though when it's not when it's not too volatile. So that would be kind of cool. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean Hawaii
has always been a place I'd like to visit.
I was gonna say I bet because it's a it's a bunch of violence. So
um no, I've got family that does, but no, I'm not really into
that myself.
I
do go
fishing from time to time. I do go fishing from time to time, but I haven't done that in a long time. I actually, I want I want to do that again at some point because it's been a long time.
But
I
mean,
I like to, I like to kind of, you know, do trails and things like that and stuff and, and my son likes the outdoors and stuff too, so and he's big big animal lover, just like me, so
um he's nine. Yeah.
You probably, yeah, does it say you guys are pretty far apart, so,
my gosh. Yeah, wow,
that's gonna be
interesting
trying
to work.
Well cool.
and he's love science, loves history, you know, stuff like that, you know, and like I said, we're both and we're both big animal lovers, so um
there's there's pets here, I'm I'm partial to cats, but I'm actually um staying with family at the moment so that we've got cats, dogs, and my mom's got chickens, so there's a little bit of
everything.
now she's got chickens for the for the eggs. Yeah.
Yeah, I think I've heard of that one before, but we we actually don't they're pretty good you know they don't really
need anything. Yeah they're pretty good guy and they're they're they've got a nesting box that you know they lay them in and there most of the time they live in the nesting box every once in a while you'll find them outside of it but most of time they're pretty good at putting them in the nesting box. So.
interesting.
Yeah I've never
never heard of that before.
Huh.
Mhm.
Yeah it's kind of funny because you know with me being that I lived you know a few years in the U. K. It's kind of funny because there's there's things over there like like black pudding. If you describe
black pudding to some to an american. Usually
they think it sounds gross but it's really just like
it's just sausage. It's
no it's yeah they say you know you hear people here that you know something about it being made from pig's blood and they get all grossed out and stuff and it's like it's
just
like
a sausage, it's essentially
just
So I mean it's kind of funny. Are you hear something with a weird name like they have uh something called toad in the hole and
it's
basically just it's
just no
it's
um it's got like sausages inside this like pastry kind of thing.
It's similar.
It's
well yeah I don't know if it's exactly the same but yeah it's you know it's funny though because you know you just hear such an it's an odd name, you know, toad in the hole and so people just think it's weird and it's like it's not as weird as it sounds like it might have a strange name but the food is not that weird
and
then there's
Yorkshire pudding is another one, it's not actually putting, it's like a round, like a bowl shaped pastry.
Oh
I don't think so. Yeah,
it's it's
it's
one how yeah, it's funny how different places, you know, you've got some foods that are common everywhere and then you've got some things that are just like unique to a place and somebody else hears about it. They're like what is that one I want to try. There's a there's a Canadian dish called poutine that it sounds good, but I've never tried to be kind of cool to try it.
It's
uh no it's it's a potato dish, I forget what I was in it, but let's yeah, I like potatoes, so I think I'd like it but I don't remember what I was in it, I have to look it up again.
Not
real big
one. Yeah, I know, I'm not real big on sweet potatoes, I like my favorites are the red potatoes. Um But yeah, I'm not real big on sweet potatoes very much, but I've got, you know my son, he likes sweet potatoes that are better than he actually doesn't like potatoes very much except for except for french fries and tater tots and hash browns and stuff, but like, you know, mashed potatoes or something like that, he's not so big or new potatoes or whatever, he doesn't like those that much, which is kind of weird, but he had arctic circle has sweet potato fries and he tried that and he said it was pretty good,
so
he's kind
of
here.
Yeah, I don't, I mean I don't do potatoes with with everything, but you know, I do, I do like my potatoes, but yeah, I
like rice too. Yeah.
It
made me
feel,
look at you.
Yeah. Rice Rice dishes can be pretty good. So yeah,
I
and you can do
a lot with chicken.
I like chicken.
Chicken's good. It's, I can go with everything. Yeah. So
he said,
interesting.
That's kind of funny.
is
sleep.
That was like me and dark chocolate when I was a kid. I hated dark chocolate. I always thought it was bitter and now I actually prefer dark chocolate of remote chocolate. It's kind of a funny one. Yeah. That's the thing when
you're a kid, like things change a lot between when you're kidding when you're an adult, you know, you don't realize how much they change until after that. You know, if I tell, you know, I tell my son that, you know, things are gonna change and he's like, he doesn't completely believe in like, yeah your taste buds will change and you'll you know, you might think you might decide you like things you don't like now or you don't like things you do like now or whatever.
No,
but it sounds
funny.
Well, it's pretty because there was I can't remember what the commercial was. It was for something else, but it was for some sort of food. And there was a little girl on it and she's like I like it and I'm a kid. So you know like like
it
looks
like
it's you know, it was kind of funny.
I think
that's what Yeah. Yeah, I think that's what it was. Yeah. It's just kind of funny. But yeah, mine is definitely a picky eater when he when he finds stuff. He likes he really likes it but he's a picky eater. He likes those
you
know the
yeah he's got some allergies. Most
of them are mild that he can't have nuts. Those are that was a pretty severe allergy. He's mildly he's allergic to dairy and eggs but he's outgrowing those. Um It
was
a lot worse when he was younger. But yeah they said that that tends to happen as they get older. They can outgrow those. Yeah.
So. Yeah.
it was always a shame when when he was little like when he was like your daughter's age and stuff like I would I would have loved to take him out for ice cream or something. But I mean and they have the alternative ones but it's just not the same and you know and the alternative ones are more expensive so it's not like I could buy them all the time, you know like I just had to be special occasions only. Um But you know I would I would have loved to just take him out for ice cream or whatever and I couldn't do it very much. Um but I did take him to, so dairy queen has yeah almost all dairy stuff, but they're they're star bars are not dairy and it's just like a star on a stick, but um they have like the red ones and they had like the red, white and blue ones and so whenever we went to dairy queen he would get one of those,
my gosh
no. So
oh my god. Oh my Olive Garden is one of my favorite restaurants. Okay.
Sure. Yeah. Oh my gosh wow, I was gonna choke you till I say I'll visit but I won't move there. No. Olive garden.
Yeah. Well I definitely definitely would love to come check it out though at some point because you know Hawaii sounds like a nice place to visit.
Alas
it
might be
Is that Alaska might be nice in the summer
wow. What's it like in the winter?
It's pretty cold and dark. Yeah.
interesting. Yeah
thanksgiving.
Thanksgiving last year was interesting for me too because um I had moved to Belfast um and
I was living
there
and it was a lady there was a lady actually in a town called Drug to which is actually in the south of Ireland. Um That she she's american and she invites basically there was an americans in Ireland facebook group is for people in the north and the south. And um she basically does she's for like 12 years. She's done this big thanksgiving. Get together for all the you know any american in in Ireland or a couple of them from the U. K. And other places to that wanted to get together. You know they they'd all meet up at her house and she threw this it was like a big potluck kind of thing and you know it was kind of funny because I mean you had mostly americans there, you had a couple of people you know that had like british or irish you know spouses
or whatever.
You had a couple of couple of people from other countries too. Um There was a couple of Canadians too but it was kind of cool who's just like this big thanksgiving get together over there and you know because that's not a big thing it's actually getting to be a thing there. It's not a thing because it's an american holiday. But funny enough, the funny part about it is it's getting to be a big thing there. But it, you know, considering how it originated here, it's kind of funny because, you know, of
course
originated
people, it
originated
with out of the UK. Well that's you, but but it originated with the people that were trying to get out of the U. K. And now it's becoming a popular thing in the UK, so it's kind of a topic.
melting
part.
That's kind
of cool. It's, it's got a lot of diversity.
I
heard,
I
heard
something like years ago about some governor or something, I think California or something talking about wanting to build an actual bridge from, they're like going to to Hawaii said that there was
but it's like, it's not starting a no, there's too much, there's too much
space
in
the ocean.
You couldn't
tell
the structure starting enough if it was a short distance you probably could because they do that with things that are closer, but it's too far off the coast. It's not it's not
close enough to
be, but
I did
I didn't
even talking
about that.
And
yeah, it's just it's
too
much basically be able to build a sturdy in a structure. So you know, I mean
and
thanks
some of the, some of the distance between there, we would, you know, I'm sure to be pretty deep too. And so it's like, well how are you going to get something sturdy enough down
deep
enough?
You know,
they'd have to do, I mean the only way
they
could do
it
like the only way to do it and be like to do a floating bridge or something and even that would probably collapse too easily. Like it's
ridiculous
like when they have a they have something like that going from uh from Detroit to Windsor Ontario. There's actually they have
there's an
underwater
tunnel and there's actually a bridge over and an underwater tunnel so you can go either way. Because
I think we took underwater tunnel because we actually went in 1999 we went there and we uh I think we took the underwater tunnel on the way there and the bridge over like over the lakes on the way back.
I'm
not
I
don't
remember.
Right. Yeah this this is like 20 years ago so I don't remember but I don't remember if you could go both ways. I think you could but I don't know for sure. It's been a long time. Yeah.
Well
at least,
Well at least going between Detroit and Windsor wasn't very far. It's not like you know it's not
like crossing
the legs that
is going
across.
All
No it's a little it was longer than that but it wasn't maybe five minutes or something and it wasn't that long.
I don't know what I'd have to. I'd
have
to,
yeah it wasn't crazy deep but it wasn't like it wasn't right at the surface but it wasn't too far below I don't think. But this is like I said this is 20 years ago so I'd have to I'd have to go look it up so I don't remember for sure. What?
it's not too bad here. Oh my gosh. A few weeks ago though we had so there was some like wildfires
and stuff in California and the stuff, the pollution and everything from that was coming up here. So our air quality for about a week was just terrible. So we we actually had like minimize how much we were outside and stuff because the air quality was so bad. That was
Yeah. It's not mandatory. It is recommended but it it isn't mandatory here. Um Some stores this it's kind of dependent like it's based on from one to a store to another what they want to do because some stores will say masters are required but it's not, you know it's not usually something that they enforce but um But yeah it varies from store to store and what their management wants to do. So it's not like a the whole city is doing it kind of thing but we haven't been hit all that hard. So how bad
has it been there
either?
Is it has it been bad in Hawaii has it not
been
too bad? Yeah
and
you
guys are
more
isolated
but.
I mean
that's
yeah nobody in my family has gotten it. I know a few people that have had it but you
know not
anybody.
I
know
some
I mean
elderly I know some elderly people that have had it and they you know it wasn't that bad and I actually know a guy I know a guy that had it that he has actually been fighting cancer off and on all of his life and well most
of
all of his oh time that I've known him anyway and I think even when he was younger um But he so he was he had chemo right before, shortly before he tested positive for it and he said the worst thing he had was the fatigue but he said that could have also been from the chemo. So it wasn't it wasn't that bad for him either. I only I know of about four people that have died from it but they're like friends of a friend of a friend kind of thing. Like it's or a friend of a friend's family member or something like that, you know it's not somebody I know personally at all and it's three out of the four have been elderly and had other stuff and then one of them was younger but I think he had other things going on to that putting
her at risk. So it's you know it's not the virus itself so much that's deadly. It's it's deadly when it combines with other things.
Yeah because generally if someone is young and healthy most of the time they're they're usually okay. I mean
shoot they, some people, some people can carry it but not even, not even have symptoms
that
would
have.
Two.
See
and I have only ever had the normal flu once in my whole life. You know, one time I was living in Utah, it was like 2000 and nine or 10 or something like this. One time in my entire life that I've ever had the flu. So. Mhm
knock
on
wood.
Well,
I mean, I don't know, I don't know a lot of people around here other than the people I live with, you know, so I don't, I mean there's not a lot of hugging and stuff just because I don't even know a lot of people around here. Um
But
interesting.
around around here, the most smokers have to do is ask another one for a light or something you know That's about it.
like a hot potato with the secret. Yeah.
That's funny.
Well
I guess
the I guess the advantage that is you know in a way the isolation kind of help the fact that you guys are so far off the you know off the mainland and everything you know you it's probably kind of helps to a point I mean but the thing is you know I also know that hawaii happens to be a very popular you know place for
tourism.
It is.
sounds really nice to be really kind of cool to check out. I'm definitely had to have that on my list.
Good.
You know
if
I
if I had the money I would uh I'd take a trip around the world and just you know, check out all over the place. I mean I would love to travel, I just don't have the means to travel a lot, but if I had if I did I would be doing a lot of traveling
because
something like that, I went to Germany once a couple of years ago um and that was kind of cool, we're actually not one of the big cities were in Nuremberg because um I have a couple of friends there and so I met some met up with them and everything and uh it was pretty nice um
and
it's kind of cool.
Um and pretty much everybody, especially particularly the younger generation, you know pretty much everybody speak english. Um But I learned a little bit of german anyway because I thought like when I visit somewhere I like to at least be able to speak the language to a point because you know, it it's like you don't I don't
want to depend on speaking english necessarily because one not everybody does and two, I think, you know, it
means
something
which when you take the time, when you take the time to learn their language, it kind of means something because you know you are, you're putting forth the effort and I think it's kind of cool and I actually went to, I went to a like a charity shop, like a um it was like, it was kind of like a goodwill or something, but it was smaller, it was kind of like a little um you know, family owned place or something like that and I went in there and I was going to buy a couple of things that didn't actually do it because they took cash only and cash on me. Um But the lady in there didn't speak any english at all so I was glad I actually learned some german because I was able to ask her about like um I was able to ask her you know whether they took a card and you know um like the prices, I think I found something in him price on it or whatever. So I asked her about the price and things like that and I wouldn't have been able to do that if I had you know learned at least a little bit of german because she was an older lady that didn't know any, you know pretty much like anyone under 50 is probably going to speak at least some english because they kind of, they are required to learn another language and one of the more common language is learned is english a lot of times they learn two or three languages over there
and
so
No.
well
it's kind
of,
it was kind of funny when I was in Germany because there was a lady um we were asking, so my husband didn't speak any english, I mean in english, any german at all, his british and he didn't know any any german and so we were asking directions to the um there was a Dunkin donuts like around the corner from our hotel or whatever, but we weren't completely sure where it was, so I was asking directions and I asked the lady in german and you know she was telling me and then I was like translating for my husband and um then she heard me speaking english and she started, she started speaking to me in english and I was like but I was like I told her I said you know I wanted to practice my german so you know um I was like you know I think it's kind of cool that she you know was able to switch gears and and speak to us in english too, but I thought I thought it was also kind of cool that I was able to communicate with her in german and I had only been learning it for about a month at this point but I learned enough for basic stuff which is kind of cool, so I was pretty proud of myself,
I ordered,
I
ordered
tax total
to
I
know
when
I
like no and that's and that's me when I, even when I visit somewhere I like to at least learn some and like if I was going to live in and uh I mean I've never lived in a non english speaking country, but if I was going to, I would take the time to learn the language because it's like I'm not going to depend on dumb speaking my language or translating or catering to me, you know, if I'm gonna live in a spanish speaking country, I'll learn spanish, I want to live in a french speaking country, learn french, it's just, I think, you know, kind of common courtesy, which isn't so common in or, but you know, there you go.
Yeah,
let's
see.
oh yeah, we're way over, we're actually because they said 25 minutes and it's been 30 about 35 so I guess we don't have
to worry about, well they said they said it's better to go over than to go under the, because they said, even even if it's like 24 30 seconds or something you know if we cut off too soon so it's better to go over than under at least. And I know you got to work and everything so we better finish it up and everything but it's been good chatting with you. Right
got to do
that
at some point yep.
Hello? Yeah I know that one.
Hello
and
goodbye isn't it?
well
hello
and and have a good day yep.
just close the chat window and finished the survey yep.