Yeah. Yes, yes, yeah, I want this picture on, I move this over there, distinguished picture Oh uh could be done in the bottom right there. Okay. Uh huh Mhm Yeah, thank you so much, you know, 2000 only. Hi, so what then? Uh huh Okay Yeah, nope. Well I prefer refresh, look at um I yeah, no. Mhm Okay. Yes, yeah, yeah. So what are you here? Hey, how's it going? Aloha, yeah. Uh huh I'm
I can. Okay, how's the weather?
and
where is it at?
very stark. Yeah,
in Hawaii, lovely hawaii, it's like six in the morning. Yeah.
Mhm Yeah, to get a good day,
The,
yep, gotta go works
after this.
Oh this, I'm a carpenter carpenter. Mhm
Oh yeah, doing surgery. What were you from? The UK?
Oh my sister's actually staging in texas Near our, I don't, was there close, where had that shooting at walmart again? El paso by a paso station there?
that's
it,
yeah, she's stationed near a castle. I'm not sure what bases that. Yeah.
Mhm. So Dallas, so you cowboy friend, you know I know
you like football.
So what do you do then? You spare time I guess when you're on time? Yeah.
So
60 and 80 that's cold. Yeah.
that's way
too out.
That's
like
that's our number one. They're like 80 and 19. All year long.
I, but this is like why? Because there's a lot of outdoorsy thing surrounded by water
that
are not of hiking.
Mm. Yeah you should try if you could.
Excuse
me.
we got active volcano on the other islands.
I
meant the main
island.
All
Oh
that,
yes it's outdoors if you like outdoors how will you be the best Because fishing you got all that I can go kayaking, water sports a lot of water sports. Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah. Do you shoot a gun? Do you hunt?
just
so so outdoorsy
and
picture.
Mhm. You know it's like
the England. Mhm. That's what
you
do.
How old is he?
Oh I have a daughter, she's three. Mhm Me but she's with her her mom and we're not together. He's in Mississippi. Yeah.
Yeah that different time zone like I got to be like this time wake up early in the morning just doctor if not by the time I get home from work she's been sleeping already. Mhm.
Yeah. But yeah
he
comes to
you'll
see her come to see me like once a week, one week a year I guess like on her birthday she comes to away or another year I went up to here. So. Yeah, mm.
So what histology? She's nine night so
Right. What kind of what you got pits? We got a dog.
I
I have but I've actually we have chickens at my mom's farm. He had a fart which he actually sold it. We had chickens were fighting chickens. Mhm. They raised them to fight not and then has um you know you don't like that because your animal over uh
and then you gotta like I know that they put like a golf ball in their stuff so that she starts laying eggs. Are the people, I don't know the hand something, they put a golf ball, so then she starts sitting on something and she starts
The display.
Have you ever ate? Uh It's I don't know that. Black filipino what? But my filipino side we just think all below. And it's like the like the bird, the bird is in it like the egg. Like the bird is like almost coming up. Then you cook that. So when you eat it you're cracking up. It's like a small bird with a little yolk in it. It's
like a delicacy. Yeah
it
yes. Called below. Mhm.
Yeah.
Mhm.
What?
Yeah I know it sounds and
licorice
coffee.
I
eat
that.
I
ate pig blood. Mhm.
is
it like
in
thank
you.
we've got that down here.
It's called
Manipur.
Mhm. Like uh wait what is
that what
you call it?
Yes. But like I heard of what? Because was that I took a multi
oysters or something? Uh Something like that? You ever heard of that?
Oh
Something
not that good.
What is it like a dessert or like a
country?
like sweet potato or it would take the so you would
see the purple
one?
Yeah, I know
that. I mean
I
guess the mainland
in the States, you guys eat everything with potatoes. Like, like that's the side every but in hawaii everything is rice. So we have like a main dish with rice that we build a car. I guess I started to whatever. Yes.
With
Big
rest
eaters
down here.
White race too. Not about race. Mhm. Yeah.
Everything
you heard.
bullshit.
We were chicken.
What do you say?
I love chicken.
Yeah. But uh what you said with the pig blood, he said we have a dish. Uh It's like the meat you play with the blood and they cook it in the filipino dish. It's like dinner. Go on. It's pretty good. But I call it chocolate
meat.
Yeah. At first when I was growing up, I hated that. Every time we have to eat that, like, oh man. But you know, it's like, hey, we're
gonna
cook that again.
but
Yes. It's like that one commercial. Yeah. They have that going. We're turning into your parents. You see
that commercial
good.
Yeah. It's pretty funny. I forget. What what is it? There's commercials photo is for uh pretty funny though. Yeah.
Oh yeah, I see that
one.
I
think so.
It's like, I think so. I see now it's uh the meat that's the best. That don't meet any. I think so. Is it that like a vegetarian burger
or something?
Is he
allergic
to anything?
Hold on.
that
couldn't
Okay, that's good because
the dairy makes you strong eat that milk and stuff with.
We don't we don't got dairy queens here. We don't have a lot of things that we have. We see the commercials all the time, but we don't have none of those like uh
exotics. We don't have sonics golden
corral. No, Olive Garden's. Mhm.
But we have like chili's and outback and stuff. Mm.
I think so. They're talking about opening One up but I'm not sure if they did but it's like I'm not sure if you actually open it up, I'm not sure.
Yeah, put that on your bucket list. A lot of
things. You
probably
dig it. Excuse me.
I've been to Alaska in the winter actually. Mhm.
Cold.
Yeah. It's like the sun raises it like at nine o'clock in the morning and it sits like a three. I went there for like thanksgiving last year because my sister was stationed there. The one that's in uh texas now. He was teaching at a rascal. So what we've been up the visitor. Yeah.
Yeah. It's very
different in a way. Mhm.
I
don't
know if that.
Second
of
How we
celebrate
the
killing
the indians.
it is. But uh I was like but yeah one thing about Hawaii to is that uh we have like all the races like over here and it's like a like a zoo, like we have every single race. Is there no majority of like no
more whites?
More black. Yeah. It's like everybody. It's actually what neighborhood you had. It's like that's what we get more fool. Like the ghettos get more of this race in a rich place. Get more of that race. Thank you.
But
Yeah. Right. Lot of everything like. But the uh honoree the
spirit.
What
is
it?
It's crazy.
We
can't
do.
You can't.
It's too
far.
like
I
think so. Like
even
even
from
island to island would be way too far. Like we have like eight islands and that's will be like
amongst that. Way too far like. Yeah. Impossible.
What was she
on?
He wants to be smoking that
good stuff
then.
That's like
impossible
waste
of money if they even tried to do that.
That's
crazy.
It's
impossible.
You
know what? You should just build a tunnel under water.
You go like Dondero.
That's
crazy.
Well
so you can pick either or like that's how it goes. Like that way is over and this way it under or
you can
you pick
because
I'm gonna
go on the bridge both ways.
I don't trust that underwater tunnel stuff. Always. I'll go bridge. At least you get a chance to
live if
anything happens like an earthquake or something. Mhm
Nicole
hop up
our passes
the ride
like how how much
they can bring it under the sun under there.
How deep is it? Was it you know like or is it right under the surface?
you
know
it's just dark.
Yeah hawaii be awesome. But right now it's raining. I mean I think it starts coming up now, it's like all start cloudy, but it actually shows like the meeting and uh the mornings.
Hurricane.
what do you guys have to wear a mask when you guys go out for the covid?
What
were you at? No. Yeah. Re zero. You said right. You know, you're in texas.
I don't know. I don't know. Yeah, I know. Okay. Up there. Okay.
The
covid
and
he
knows
the
thing
that,
yeah, but we're still getting like stop the tourists from coming over. But then uh, we're still getting like tissues is, but I don't know like in my neighborhood is like everybody's regular, like no massacre. But I don't know whether people getting it from the, but yeah, I'm not sure. And nobody
in my
family got it or affected or nobody I knew died. So I don't know.
They said
they felt
fine. I know like some people, I know they said they had it, they felt like trump. They said they felt better than ever. And
then
they
said that
before. Trump said that
is
all.
complications.
Yeah. That's what it is. You have already said something wrong with you already. That's just going to take you off, take you all right there. Just add on you. It could be the other stuff too. They're not really sure. It's like, oh, yeah, Covid.
But
I just, I
think
so.
That's me. I didn't get tested yet. So I'm not sure. I could be the one that is giving it to everybody. I'm not, I don't even know, but I have no symptoms, but I don't know. I could be the one that could be like the main
guy that's gives you to everybody. I don't even know. But then I'm
not.
and how are
you? We
like
we all like the uh the hugging and we see somebody called them or shake hands and a lot of sharing
around here. Like
down here
it's like normal. You meet somebody you give them a, your first time eating. Oh yeah, it was good. And then
one thing I noticed that when I was in the mainland is that cigarettes? Like I smoke cigarettes right? And then when nobody that shares the cigarette, can I get a drag from your cigarette without here we share like we passed a secret sharing a cigarette but they don't go down there. Like what the fuck They like not my screen so that everybody
Yeah. That's what we do it on here. They can get some bags. The name. Boom. We share them. Like here we go, pass it back. So like that surprises like the whole island didn't get corona by now.
Yeah, but everything, Yeah,
that's what I know is like, but yeah, so that's why I said surprised the whole island didn't get corona by now. Without that hugging everybody. Like meet somebody hugging
and
picturing
please.
Yes, that's what I said. We got all the, yeah,
all the, all the races. So the final guys when chinese and all that, they all come playing down here in, in our main Honolulu. There's a lot of japanese and chinese tourists and all the everybody just go down there. It's like, like I said like a zoo, what he is like because you like has a lot of different bases all walking amongst each other. Like Yeah, pretty crazy. It's like the only thing we got is that other than that it's like a practical need back and stuff. Yeah.
Yeah. She tried to do it soon because they take the called the airplane tickets are cheap right now. So I mean But then yeah, Hawaii
is good even like people like it's a good place to be for like uh the homeless also because there's like no cold weather and stuff like that. Like a lot of beach beaches, a lot of homeless people like they are my friends too. But yeah, I could live off the beach too actually.
I did
for
like a month.
Yeah, if you hit
the lottery or something. Mhm.
Do you
think americans
there? Oh,
disrespect.
You're
visiting
them.
My Gamba
is
uh sorry, but my grandma was like
pure filipino and she speaks only filipino, but she could speak a little english, but when she talks to me I know exactly what she's saying but I don't even understand her just by out of facial expressions. Like the get something like joy coy. You know you watched him before get something like pointing that way. Like I know what she's saying like best players like to be like this that whatever. Bill. Okay. Okay. Despite
movement,
time,
movement and facial expressions. I know exactly what she says. Mm
That's pretty
that's
pretty that's
that's
At least
china do it because nowadays people like the newer technology like past about the black series translate this for me. Okay, how do you say this in that? I mean boom. So people are
getting
lazier,
did you make the
effort?
I guess also that one would think about Hawaii is like all the different races I said. So I know like birds for like all different languages, but it's like I know a lot of bad words in and good some words like put all the languages like yeah, we're different stuff there. So uh Okay. Oh yeah.
Is it over? But
after
both work some
So
So if you come down here you love it. I know it. All
I
take.
And here's another word for you. Aloha.
Uh huh. All right. Okay.
Take it
easy.
Yeah. So you can say yeah. That's one thing pretty funny. This is like
we
have
All right. Okay. So what I do next?
right. Yes.