I just want you to know y'all are on there. Is that okay? They video record this. Is it okay? If you're on video, we'll just go sit over there. I can only do so much Or do you want me to try to face it and put it my thing off the carpet over here? Mhm. Dad, I'm as far as I can go to be on the f in camera. I can't. And all I can see is mom. Now I got her out. Now. It looks like I'm not even having a conversation with a person just a little bit until I can get my laptop. You're ok, dad? It's mama. But I can see that's okay. I just need I just need mom to move. Yeah. Just do y'all learn on video. I've tried my best. I mean once I get the laptop, you won't see me over here very often. I promise. And then I can do videos private in my room when I have to do surveys with videos. But this is easy money. I can't pass it up and it's a fun conversation. Maybe. What? Oh boy. I'm sure this is an important, this is anyone with Medicare or who expects to join soon. This card I'm holding in my hand, It's an example of an all in one Medicare advantage membership. It's okay buddy with card can help you in. The Medicare advantage plan has paved the way. I don't want the health one, all inclusive. They take care of all the authority, They take care of all the medical, they take care about doctor bills. I don't have to pay for a doctor visit and that's fantastic. If you're already on original Medicare or your back, I can get it for $79. You think I should get that for taylor The um, should I wait until it goes on sale? I think you'll go on sale even more. 23 and me. I'm gonna wait And just keep an eye open for me and let me know because sometimes you can get them for that. The regular 99. It's $20 off right now for 79. Oh that's for health and ancestry. We don't want to do health. I've already done the health one. If I don't have the markers I'm sure you'll probably wouldn't either on a lot of them. But it just tells you what your likelihood is. It doesn't tell you you will or you want. It's just if you have certain markers that are the highest they find in diseases. They look for those genetic markers in your DNA. And I have none of them. But only one I have this uh have a higher risk of have macular degeneration which is kind of normal. And everybody has uh it's gonna be 25 minutes long, but it don't start until three minutes. Some people don't come home until a couple of minutes after somebody may not even show up. Uh And if they don't show up I'll schedule for another one until I get another one because I've only done a total of three chat so far and I can do up to 6 $14 or something about $15. Uh You get to meet new people and talk to strangers off the first ever. It's awkward but uh benefits uh Call 807 577136 Or visit this card. 800 dot com. For free information about this incredible. No obligation of any kind. This is free information that could give you more coverage for less money. Call 807 5771 36. Or go online Now before discovering NexIUM 24 hour to treat her frequent heartburn Marie. Could only imagine a joint freshly squeezed, you know, for the next 24 hours stops acid before it starts for all day, all night protection. Can you imagine 24 hours without warning? Wow. Vicks vaporub patch, easy to wear with soothing Biggs papers for her for you for the whole family. Trust you soothing vapors from picks. That's enough steve. Let's go. All right. Hey mom for dinner, do you think we can just eat kind of breakfast food? Hey, how are you?
I'm hanging in there. I'm glad you showed up. Some people don't show up.
Oh my goodness, my last one did. And it was a lot older and um, The two before that didn't
what? Really? You've had male charters?
Oh my God, minds always been females. That's weird. Is it awkward talking to a guy versus a female or is it easier you think the country
over now?
No
no
they are they're kind of more laid back usually. So
what part of the states are you in?
Oh beautiful state, beautiful
state.
Been there a few times.
I'm here in Louisiana, boring old Louisiana way down here. All the bad weather is treason.
You're not missing too much unless you're in new Orleans in the french quarter then it's
place.
Well right now what do you think the weather is right now? About 60 I think it's 67° right now. So it's yeah you're probably even warmer aren't you
Vaki but we're in the northern, I'm in the northern part of Louisiana like central. Um you know we're interstate 20 is I see
what?
I know I know it's an interstate but it goes all across the South. It's um I'm about an hour and 15 minute drive from Texas border from from Mississippi border and from Arkansas border
in the north. Yeah right in the middle
of
the north. Yeah
It's
about
an hour and
15
minute
drive to each one. Yeah. And then it takes me longer to get to New Orleans, which is like a four hour drive.
Yeah. And you know the hurricanes that you know kind of were bad this year two of them came that far inland and we're actually in an apartment right now because our house, we had like non trees fall and it destroyed everything but our cars,
It
happens. It's a life changing experience. Not to be underestimated for year 2020. Oh
fuck.
But
I just
fine.
Oh yeah. If you only knew I was in the hospital at about five
a.m. This morning I'm not much on emergency rooms but I thought I caught a upper respiratory infection from a
guy I was dating and he tested covid negative so I knew I didn't have covid but I thought I got over the cold but it went into my sinus cavities and I had my first original toothache
and it's not a cavity, it's sinus, it was like all up in my teeth right here and I was in so much pain. I was already on antibiotics just finished steroids and then I had to go get on a whole new dose of stuff.
So what part of California? And are you in North Southern?
Welcome.
Oh wow. I've only went through L. A. Once I spent some time in Fresno and not my favorite place. It's
kind of a sewer
part of California I think. Mhm.
Thanks.
I've been to Yosemite to. That's that's beautiful, that's somewhere I'd really love to go back again. Is there any gold up in Yosemite?
No.
Oh so what kind of interest um and things you like to do?
Certainly.
reluctant.
I know
I have been endorsed so long, I went for my blood work for my regular yearly checkup and they were like you're low on vitamin D. Which is the sunshine vitamin I'm like I need to go out more.
what
is
important?
I know and I see sunshine coming through your window over there
professor.
Well
I love to drink.
It feels like a ghost town, it
feels like yeah
are you all shut down pretty bad there in your area?
Thank
you
that.
Hello?
Thanks,
it's nice.
Oh my God, I'm so sorry. It hasn't gotten that way here yet. Um
But you know, um I think we're biden in office. You know, I saw his uh advisor or what, I don't know a whole lot about politics in that area, but they said something about closing the country back down 4-6 weeks and I just want to cry. Yeah, I'm
like,
no.
Four
people,
And
now,
me
too. Me too. I'll tell you what, like I'm not gonna lie, I'm so against mask, I hate them, but I will wear I'm like, here, you have the choice kind of I think you're supposed to, but people are just, you know, there's just some people who are not gonna do it, they just refuse. And I'll go, I'll go into like walmart and places like that with the mask and sometimes I'll put it down, you know, to breathe. But if I'm around an elderly couple, I try to show
respect because I know the elderly are more vulnerable to it. So I try to show respect than that because it's only fair. I would want someone to do that for me when I'm old and sick like
that, you know,
running
throughout,
bye
bye.
You've got some
of these
comfortable
but
your company,
this
is
different.
You
have
you kind of don't have a choice.
I
live
I live with my parents and their elderly, you know, they're getting an age there 68. So I do I do worry and when I was
sick I kind of stayed away and because I don't
want anything to happen to them, scary thought.
I
wonder,
well before the pandemic, we'll talk about the fun stuff 1st.
I like to travel when I get the chance, but you know it gets expensive and um
I was trying to talk my mother, I have a best friend that's in Iceland that I had met a couple of years ago when I was there and we were supposed to go just last month in october to go spend a week or two in Iceland and let her see because it's so beautiful there. It's it's so clean and I don't know if you've ever been to Iceland, but it's
it's
very, it's not expensive by there, but it's really expensive to
eat
there. Yeah,
it's it's been
for
hamburger and french fries and a drink that don't have reef. So you don't get free refills there just Yeah,
no, no, when you order you don't usually get coca cola. And a lot of places that have like Pepsi and it's the 20 or 16 ounce bottles and you're paying
what you pay for like a drink that has refills unlimited. But I think when I stayed with my best friend which luckily I have a free place to stay when I go because
there's I've stayed in a hostel and the hospitals are nice there. You know it's it's nothing like what you would, they're better than like the trashy crack motels here, you know.
Iceland
is Scandinavian and
Denmark
I think.
No
thank
you.
Hospital.
Like
like if you open the drawer there's gonna be a big dead roach in there or crawling around. Yeah. You
don't
see that over there.
My
more than work here
I think.
What
They use like a postal code and that's
what
I promise
you something.
That's
true. That's true. Yeah
and I'll tell you what over there. I know for every two days uh I've calculated it so US dollar. It was about 40 close to $40 every two days to eat. And that's buying groceries. Yeah it's expensive. But um eating out like a hamburger and you have to be careful because I accidentally was eating a horse hamburger and didn't know and
I was halfway through it and then when I found out I just lost my appetite it was good. Don't get me wrong. But I look it's like to me eating a dog burger or something, you know like it's a pet,
you don't
need it.
No.
No
I didn't once I was eating it I realized it was they said I said this is really good and they're like yeah, the horse meat. I was like, what? Horse meat? Uh I just lost my appetite. I couldn't even need it anymore. But when you go over there, make sure to ask is this be or
is this
horse
A little bit, but not anything major. I mean, I wasn't thinking about it. I mean it looked like a hamburger patty and it was on a bun and I was eating it and I had some cocktail sauce they call it, which is our, it's similar to our like hamburger sauces. Um you know the light pinky orangey color, you know? Yeah, it's like a mayo type thing, but it's good. But it seems
similar. I mean, I wasn't as dark as beef, but
I mean
I just
assumed
it was beef,
$70
on
average
on
their prescription
call.
Did
you save
on
prescriptions?
I called,
he was my
sister. You're
gonna
build
it
reasonable
Medicare
and
you're
covered
for
hospital
stays
and
doctor
office.
Well,
I've read somewhere that in the United States it's allowed in areas like people can eat it. Yes, I read
it somewhere online because I was like, do people really eat that? Like in the States? And I looked it up and there are areas, I think that do allow it. I'm almost positive you might want to google that and say I'm gonna have to re google it.
I
went,
I
well, when I went to Germany last summer, because my mom is from Germany, so we went over there and met up some family and I tried to order a steak in a restaurant and it's hard to find beefsteaks. They're all they
have is pork
steak. That's it.
I
mean, I love pork, but not, not in a, you know steak. I mean if I want to stick on a beef steak, you know
who and then in Iceland, they got some weird stuff too. Like they have some type of special thing I think they eat around Halloween or christmas or somewhere where it's like a stinky meat. They take shark, like
the
Oh, and they make it into like a cheese or something. I don't know, but I was like, that's disgusting. Like it even stinks. Uh
I don't know, I've never been there during a holiday. I've only, I've only been to Iceland twice and it was during the summer months because it gets cold there.
I mean
when I say it's cold when you're there in july, I've been there in june and I've been there in july and august And it drops down to see the highest during the day. I got one time that was considered extremely hot there and it was like 60, but normally it's like 40 or 50s during the day. Yeah. Yeah,
it's crazy.
I
think
about like thirties and forties, I mean it got a little colder but not too cold now in the winter, in the winter months where my friend lives, she lives in the south and I can't tell you the name of the town because it's the most complicated Icelandic town name in the whole country. It starts with A. J. And it ends and our and it's about this long, you know
the word
at this point? I
just I just call it cluster for short, rajkovic is about the rhetoric I guess is how they pronounce. It is the only one I can halfway pronounce. But it's a neat place you should go because when you fly over in the night time you never see the sunset over the ocean.
It's beautiful like 12:30 AM. Darrin June.
It's
it's daylight,
it's hard to sleep. It's like I uh Alaska. Yeah.
What
before
he
was
born?
Didn't?
No.
Well how old are you? How do you go?
You're young still. Yeah that's how I would be. I don't know if I could do it at 45 but I could at that age you're
still young. You're lucky. Do you have any Children or married
or anything?
Not yet. Oh You looking forward to having Children one day we've been on.
I
still
have that personality. I'm a kid at heart. Uh yeah I have one child, she's 17. She's almost grown, she's a senior in high school cause still half a day already taking college classes so she'll be off and I'm
ready
to do some. Yes I'm ready to explore. But things have been hard since the covid lockdown last year. She was so prepared for A C. T. And she scored
two points
less On her last one. You know when
she
was a sophomore, she scored a 22 and then she came back and made a 20 and she was so disappointed and felt stupid. And I said it's the pandemic. You know, some people naturally can retain stuff but some people have to because my daughter don't study, she listens, so when she was at a skull remote learning teachers didn't
know
how
to
teach
Yeah. And I told her you're not stupid.
Well no they're back in school. But every time someone like their whole football team was playing a game and one of the linebackers defenseman had Covid and he didn't know. So they had to quarantine the whole football team. So there's quite
a few kids at a school right now and that they just have more better things in place. Like when Covid first happened teachers didn't even know what to do because
papers
I know and it's crazy. It's just been crazy and I feel bad for you know all the students, you know they didn't get proper graduations you know and I just ordered her graduation stuff and the prices are just so expensive. It's like $340 just for the basics. You know it's like oh my God
look forward
to that. Start saving,
Why?
I
call
it
you're not
alone.
She needs disappointed. She wanted
to
go
to Loyola in New Orleans because
they have a forensics chemistry and that's what she wanted A major end and then minor in criminology because she likes the forensic science part.
Yeah but because of her a. C. T. Score she can still get in it's just she won't get as high as a scholarship
so the college is really expensive and we don't want her to be in a lot of debt and then
I
have to pay all that off. That's just a lot of money and you know it's being a single mom you know it's kind of hard to
save that kind of money or do anything like that. But she's gonna start off just local at a university And I told her she can always change I mean people change their major million
times.
I'm
talking about
and
yeah I told her she could always switch you know just I think don't they? Can you still, I'm just curious. Did you go to college? Okay. Wait
if she started off at a university and then she moved to another later on and retook the A. C. T. Could that still help her up her scholarship or is that just the
first time entering student?
I
know
but like can she take the A. C.
Again though? Like she's in college and up her scholarship.
I
know
I
know
I
know
now I know I told her the registrations fixing to be done and then they'll have late and she's not wanting to do it she don't feel prepared enough and I'm like uh
but I'm gonna let her do what she wants. She'll figure it out.
her confidence and her trust in me. Uh huh.
you
if you
want to
look
another,
well I'm glad you gave me that advice because
you know
I don't I don't get to talk to other people who who are younger who have
that kind of experience to really know to give her the right advice because she doesn't have a lot of friends. You know She's kind of a really deep thinker. She thinks
she's a computer gamer. Um Yeah she's I call her my little computer nerd. She's she's pretty intelligent girl but she does that Minecraft stuff. Um I don't know if you
know anything about non craft. Yeah. Well do you know um what's the largest Minecraft server in the world?
It's
I
forgot the name of it but she had to go through a long to interview and they accept applications at 16. And she worked her way in as a helper. Yeah and now she's worked her way up and promoted to a moderator. So she's, it's something she can put on a resume. You know she's
responsible. She just don't get paid. She's a volunteer, but
it's for the largest Minecraft
server
in the world.
Oh yeah. She's already got accepted for several smaller scholarships. Like one over here. They just gave her an $8,000
scholarship just
to put toward. So she's got some other scholarships
and
I
won't touch
me
inflammation
called
drop that.
That's that
Yeah. And I'm trying to get her into a school working program to where she can, you know, work part time on campus or something just to help pay any kind of
interest
down and then I can help put money toward it and we can knock it out. Yeah, I'm trying,
I'm trying even though she thinks I'm not the best mother sometimes, but I think it's just teenage behavior
after
that's
quite
perfect.
Not
dry eye,
like
don't be a helicopter mom.
but I'm always so worried, especially in California. You know, I don't know if you're in a good area but you know when you're in the city and stuff even here it's dangerous nowadays you have all the crazy people and I tell her you need to watch your back in the parking lot.
I couldn't
tell you how many people get kidnapped at y'all's ages. Even your age in
a parking lot.
Different.
I don't know,
rubble.
Mhm.
Oh my God. I know it's the same here. Methamphetamines have gotten big and
our little old 30,000 people town.
It's
I believe it. I believe
it. What were they catch them out like out in the mountain area or was it like in a little crack motel? That's where they busted one of ours
at?
my
Well if I'm not mistaken I could be wrong. But I think a lot of times they can get busted because you can smell certain chemicals they use and I think one of them is like a fingernail polish ethanol or whatever it is smell. And we smelled that before here like the
wind blows and it's like okay somebody's cooking meth somewhere
and we're in a good neighborhood.
They
confuse
it.
What?
Do you ever watch the I. D. Channel?
It's a girl thing. I'm telling
you it's mother.
well
public. Of course.
Well
you should
admit you should
add me on
facebook if you want to talk longer you can find me on facebook. I'm Angela paschal Hill if you want to look for me.
Who?
You're the first person I've ever took name down with. That's awesome. Send me send me a request. We probably got a lot more in common than you think.
Angela
and my maiden name was paschal. It's P A. S. C H. Yeah
A L P A S C H A L. And then he'll H I L. L. And I'm in West Monroe Louisiana. Right. Yeah.
yeah I think I got glasses on. That's an Icelandic picture. I just recently changed out because mother when look
depressing.
Were
rarely
could
be
fine.
Send me and I'll send you some pictures if you want to see I got videos and stuff of Iceland and once you add me as a friend you should be able to see some of my videos and I've got
a lot of german stuff and I've been the U. K. As well. So
And
what is your name?
Cheryl, Nice to meet you. Thank you. But yeah if you have any questions I mean don't feel obligated like you have to talk to me or anything but you know you're welcome to reach out and talking time. I'm always free work from home so I'm always here.
No. Yes Wow. So nice. I guess we get to pass it on and make our extra $14 and I actually had my first
decent
What?
Oh they dear. Well
maybe
so maybe eating us. I don't know. I thought was 14 so maybe I'm wrong.
I don't
know.
Or
oh my God but at least they like me to do it like six times you know?
No. Yeah.
This will be my spending money for christmas.
Hell
yeah. And you're the first one I've actually spoke to That's been very very pleasant. Yeah.
My last one
she
Yeah. My last one I did just yesterday because you're you're my 1st 4th person I've talked to total out of the months. And she was 65 and she was in Washington state. She
was close to the beach and I was like, uh
beautiful nature. I like the west coast. It's beautiful there. I'm not gonna lie. Okay, well I'll let you go see you can get moving and don't be afraid to to reach out. Yeah,