well look.
Uh huh. It's going good. How you doing?
I am kira
so how you doing tonight?
so I missed the weekend.
I'm from florida right now so yeah. Yeah I was just thinking earlier. I was like oh yeah it's nine o'clock tonight and the debate is happening as we speak.
Mhm.
Really? So well? Yeah, that's true.
I for me I'm just like ok I want to see how this mute button is gonna work situation.
so that's that's like one of the main reasons because I was telling my husband I was like you know what I am not gonna watch. I really didn't really want to watch it after the first one because it was like I want okay let me stop. That was a lie. I wanted to watch the first one because I thought it was gonna be pr comedy so that was why I wanted to watch it. But
then
after
watching it, I was like after, you know, beginning it was kind of funny and whatever, but after I was like, are you serious? Is this really going on right now? So? Yeah.
watching
it that way. Yeah.
Right, that's true. Most people thinking, I think most people like you said thinking it's a political comedy hour because is everybody ready kinda like make up your already made up their mind um they making up their mind based on what has passed happened the last four years. So you already know exactly, you know, it's just like, okay, we want to see how he's going to act, but you know how he's going to act, but you just can't believe how he at.
Well,
I was,
yeah, mm, that is true.
That is true.
The thing is the
crazy things that's going on, right? That is so true. Because I've been watching the news this morning um and
they're like, okay, you know, he has to come up with something good, you know, the change people's mind because his base is his base. So you have to try to get by the people who come over and I'm like, yeah, nah, it's like there's
nothing
that he can do. You know, only the crazy people like how I read like 50 cents, it's like, oh no, y'all gotta go support trump and I'm like,
please,
y'all
that don't
be stupid.
I know right?
But
you know
what,
that
goes to certain part of me.
feminist.
Mhm. It's crazy.
But you know what, that goes to show to that at the end of the day, everybody is all about themselves. So you can look at a person and they'd be like, oh yeah, you know, we pro this and we're doing this and all this other stuff. But you have to actually go behind the scenes and analyzed the person or the secretary. Okay. Why does he or she do a pacific action? And
then when you evaluate that person, then you could actually see, Okay, well, because now people actually see who he is as a person. I've been wondering about him for years based on his comments when he says about women, um because it's really disrespectful and how he acts like he's so important. I mean he is important to us, but how he acts like so prestigious. So, you know, I got the show power and it's all about this. And uh and I'm like there's not one humble bone in his body.
Never
look
Nobody cares. Did you see the clip that he showed today about the 60 minutes interview that
he did?
This is
Because
as
possible.
behavior.
It's
Speak right. That's true. I mean, I just got the, I haven't watched the whole thing. I just saw like on the little clips that they played earlier today and it was like he posted it on his facebook account they said. Um So so Cbs had to actually write a response to it because they're like, okay, he breached contractual agreement because he's not supposed to do that because it's actually supposed to come out on sunday night. And so it was like he posted it to show that like okay that they was being biased against him. And the clips that I saw, it was like he was the one acting erratic, he was the one that answering questions. He was the one who I feel like everybody is against him. And um to me, I'm like okay, like common sense, which you should have should be able to tell you guess what if you did the right thing. Like I do not like trump first of all, but
my thing is if he had handles the virus appropriately, he would have had a chance to actually win this like a land slide. And I just don't understand like his reasoning because for me, the only thing I think about like okay why he didn't handle it the way that he showed up so he could win the election was because he was thinking about money and how could he profit from him? So money was his, how do I say money was
his
goal in mind, right? So you know, he could have won like this is a perfect opportunity. I mean aside to say a perfect opportunity for him to actually win, but he decided that he did not want to win
big
time.
He, he does,
but
he wants
it now because he wants to, he doesn't want to go to jail because
whatever he does is like, it's like this mathematics so much crimes. Like it isn't even a joke. I want to see what me and my mom have conversations about this continuously. Like this is like since she's like cool because of the coronavirus cause she was the hospitality industry, right?
And she's like, oh, he's not going to go to jail. And I'm like, mom, he has to, I mean like people go to jail for the silliest stuff,
especially
tax evasion. Um So you're telling me this man, she's like no, say biden is going to help him otherwise. Um I mean I don't think so like, but
let's
say
I
her. I hope so. I want to see too because to me I'm just like everything that happens. I am so like, like people say you get shocked daily every day. I'm totally shocked because I cannot believe like he's gotten away with so much
and it keeps getting it and I'm like how is this pop? Like literally how is this possible? Like there are no rules like their rules but the rules are not being implemented.
So
for
me I'm Yeah, but my thing too is like um about the attorney general and stuff like that, about him not following through and not doing when he's supposed to. So I'm like okay isn't the sergeant of arms because first of all, I'm originally from the Bahamas moment some, but I'm an american citizen now, but I thought the sergeant of arms, if the attorney, if he needed to be arrested because he did not listen to them when they requested they subpoenaed him. The Sergeant of arms was supposed to arrest him because that's what I'm thinking is supposed to happen. And it's like, okay, nothing is happening the way that is supposed to happen
at all. And how can you go ahead and keep changing elections and stuff? Like, like all
of this
stuff that's going on
now
makes no sense and people are allowed to get away with it. And so for me, I'm thinking like, okay, when the democrats come in power, like what exactly are you going to do to make sure like stuff like this can happen because they've got to be some checks and balances somewhere because it can't be okay the president and the Senate and power. So basically we can say screw congress like they did.
There has
to
be something
I have to put in place.
But
Two.
space
Very interesting.
definitely, definitely is. I just hope like at the end of the analysis is that there is some type of, I don't even I don't even say rules because obviously rules can be broken too soon whoever is in power, but there is something that comes into plate that will be able to mitigate all of the damages that happen and that will be able to stop all of this from ever happening again. And I don't even no, even if it's possible because he's gotten away with so much
and
got
it.
This is
It's
permitted
thanks.
The operation,
yeah.
That's something that's true, right? It's like I'm like I'm like okay you're buying it was going to win because I had initially was like, oh I biden Harris ticket in the, well that's before they had their debating and Camilla did that thing against him and I was like, oh no, I don't like her. She's kind of petty because I didn't like how she had the picture thing afterwards because I thought that was really scummy and the T shirts afterwards. So that was like that turned me off with her. But anyway,
you know, he selected or whatever else. But then I'm looking at it too and I'm like cola mm this like last time in history we, you know, Hillary got it and we was like, oh yeah, Hillary's gonna do this
and
you know, we all jumping up because she was a hat, hat, hat and then all of a sudden looking, he was like, what?
What?
that's true,
that's true. Yeah, it was because it was like, oh yeah, it was like everybody thought like
it was
like
walk
in the
pump,
but yes, that was, that was the whole thing. And so even when the Snl, I remember that skit from Snl where they did, I think it was Kate Mckellen, that's her name is who was acting like Hillary Clinton and you know, she was doing the stage of it and she's like, oh no, let him stay, let's just say, you know, because uh because you know, um everybody was like okay, yeah, this is just jokes and stuff like that, so it's gonna be so funny and
whatever
else,
because that's what we, you know, it was comedy and it's just like everybody was like
thank yeah, and so for me right now, it's like I'm just praying like oh God please do not let this mind when because we really need to get back on track because I honestly try to stay in wrong um
and
you
know,
so
I because
it's because it's because you don't know who is because people are slim because people will be like, oh we're not gonna vote for trump, we're not gonna vote for trump, you know? And then when they go in the body ain't nobody looking so you know uh
And so that's
kind
of like the real hard part, but I just hope people are actually looking and seeing what's happening, especially his vote is because I just don't understand them or what they they anyway, whatever.
It
is because I was I was talking to my mom and I was like, ma'am, you know, if at least it biden win By 2022, That's what it's gonna be normal. So 2021 is not going to be normal
because
we're gonna be recovering. Um He has to meet with all the world leaders. All the world leaders have
to be in agreement
with.
But yeah,
definitely. And they
have to
come up with a plan. Yeah. And they have to come up with a plan to actually work together
because that's what we always gonna work work together so that everything can start opening mark up in 2022.
You know what I'm saying? Totally because 2021 is going to be a bust basically.
So
Right. So, but if he wins chop,
I don't
even know where it was gonna be
everyone, but you know what's so funny in 2020 16 2016, I was watching the daily show with Trevor Noah, I only
watched
the clips and he had this one clip where he had, if trump win how the world would be and he had these like daunting images and stuff like that. I like just basic catastrophe, Right? I Gotta research that again. Um so I would like to be able to, but any research that on YouTube, it was 2016. He did this whole thing of Trump winning and how catastrophe is going to be. Like everything was like burning broken down. It was crazy, right? And I was like, he overdramatizing, but
look
here we are. And then the stupid things he says like, oh sweet the the forest, you know, that's
how you get it clean or the fishes. Older fishes need water and California stealing the fishes water. I'm like, hold on. Did I just hear that for true
And
people
like look, listen to him, He talks crazy stuff.
But
yes, I don't know, people say when I listen, when I listen to the news, they say they want something different. When I listened to him, I was brought in by his con at 1st. So I told you in front of a Hamas. So, but I studied here like a couple when I was in graduate high school, I came here and I lived in Minneapolis,
lives in Minneapolis for a couple of years, got my wisdom study and get my degree. Um went back home for a little bit and I had somehow I got introduced to him through, I eat a T. V. Or something and I bought this book. The Art of the deal. I think it's the art of the deal or something right? And now the Bahamas, small country
And everything else. So you know that book was really expensive. I probably pay like $70-87 for this one book. Yes they would. 100 or 150% mark up on
some on books.
So I popped that book and I was just
highlighting
girl I was just like oh yeah this is how you do it to do that. So I bought into the Koran okay so I bought into the corner and then I went
to this um this training and they were talking about oh they met um him and he's so super duper and he's this and that and this next million because I'm going to all these millionaire conferences and stuff like that, trying to do all this other business stuff and he was like, oh yeah, I mean Donald, so he's showing people these images of him and Donald trump at the jet and all this other stuff. So I'm like, oh my gosh, it's donald trump. He's associated with donald trump
and stuff.
So in the beginning I thought like, okay, he really would have been able to do something, right, because he's a businessman that I heard a little bit about the bankruptcies and stuff like that. But I'm like, ok, probably, you know, and stuff like that. And then he was funny when he did the little the little comedies and descend people and all that stuff because you're not used to that. So you're like, oh yeah, that's funny,
whatever,
But
right. And then he had some really great points, some really great points. And I was like, okay yeah, he making sense about some of the things like the fact that he wanted to do um cut the terms of senators, I guess it was where they were just, they won't be able to do like how they keep doing, you know, rolling over, rolling over, but cut that turn, which I believe that they should do it really? Um I think that people need to make these things happen and stop like latin, these politicians think they run things instead of we run things but doing all these things. So I thought like, okay, you know, if that's true? But then as things come out it wasn't how do I say it wasn't like everything chemo, chemo where you would have been like, okay, this man really is a con, like you heard it right? But then you still didn't want to really believe it to a certain extent. Now when the access Hollywood tape, okay, when I was like, oh wow, he's a disrespectful son of a gun, right? You know? And then omarosa she was all oh yeah, all the bow down to the donald and I was like I was crazy black girl. But anyway, I was like okay, whatever, I still was falling through but I mean I would never vote because I was like I'll do Hillary clinton and stuff, you know, because I really wanted a woman to be um the president because I believe like when a woman president we would definitely take off running like we would have been done with this in six months.
So
you
know,
yeah, it was being done and even if we had one coming up but hopefully Camilla's be able to do something to. But um so I just totally was bought into it a little bit, but when you see now like the magnitude to what all he has done and she gets at the end of the day to, you have to blame the media too because the media is the one who gave him all the cow out that
he
thought
because initially in the beginning everybody was like always a joke and we all thought it was a joke and tell that joke became serious.
If we did right, if they didn't do that, then he wouldn't have been where he is.
So now they're trying to make, trying to make amends and stuff like that. So I notice now they say stuff like all of the foolish is that they used to go into and all the other stuff they stopped doing that, they give a little coverage, but it's not like this massive thing or whatever else
because
they gave
him
the
platform.
But
Over.
No,
that's
That's true.
you
That's
true.
No
spice
That's true. Because child, this is the first time in years I've been watching the news every day and I never did that before in my life. Like my grandmother used to do that and I'll be like, I
want
my
mommy, you know,
and now I'm like, and stops to see what's going on, But
oh my gosh, it's
so crazy.
It's
Because
Let's keep on changing. It's keeping, look, I'll tell you, I'm so bad to listen. I get most of my news sometimes now, even though I'd be watching MSNBC right from Tiktok Tiktok be up to date and they have the funniest things ever.
No.
So
you know, like, um, That one with Mike Pence on that fly. Oh my God,
gosh!
It really,
it's
something else is going to take this. Please write It was,
it was
funny
because
I serious because
when I thought, I thought I was like, because I thought it was my, um, my screen and television screens,
I was like, that is, oh my gosh, that's a fly. Right? And then when Biden came up with the thing, the same time too, I was like, catch your fly swatter or something like that.
But, but the most, how hilarious part about that portion of it was right, that trump supporters had said, oh, how did biden get the fly? The fly swatter? Um, just like that would be solo, the solo, the fly swatter quick like that or whatever. So people like say joe biden train these flags
girl.
that was the most hilarious thing ever. So they had these little flies, right?
four flies. You know, people like Tiktok always have time. Them kids don't be like those, I forgot what you call the generation that is. But whatever they be on a girl, they be creating little things and stuff like
that. So they had the four flies and they was like, okay, yeah, we've been treating these flies for four hours a day and so which everyone lands. I was like, girl,
Dallas really treated these flights to go out of, I was like, so they said that's what the trump supporters believe. So let us give them something to
believe, like somebody actually sit there and train
a fly to go on his head at that particular time and stay on there all the time. Even though he's moving his head,
And he didn't feel it.
Oh, she talked about it. You know, if you didn't see the clip, you need to um, I think what I found it on, it was on Tiktok, but I shove it on Tiktok and probably be on Youtube. Where are Rachel, Rachel? Models asked her about it and how she had the most hilarious responses. She's so, you know, Rachel asked if she saw it. She was like, yeah, I did. She said, did you want to do it? She's like, she wanted to, what, you know, it was,
it was
funny
and it was funny, but I don't know, I mean, it's so, is laughable to everything that's happening. It makes you eye plants like want to laugh, but you do laugh and then the point you want to cry because you're like
Mhm. It is it
so is
comedy.
Yeah. I just want everything to simmer down because this is crazy.
city.
Yeah. And then the thing is like you can't believe and then what makes it so much more upsetting is about that people won't even wear a mask like what is like just and stuff and
like we'll
go
out
like not like that we'll take the kids like driving and stuff because we can't really go out and we'll just you know just driving or whatever else and stuff and we'll pack like a restaurant and whatever else in. Don't be these people just you know I know you can't um eat with your master right? But they like actually have like they lose social like based social gatherings and stuff like that. And to me it's like what? You know what don't you why don't you get, you know? And sometimes I'm still walking some of the stores like walmart or staples or whatever without it. And I'm
just
like
seriously?
I know right? And it's just crazy like why don't you just do what you need to do so that we could just get through this and move on from it. But you continuously keep on, listen to nonsense that this man is spilling. That makes no sense. And you have to realize guess what type of medical attention that he got. You will never be able
to
get
unless you're a multi billionaire.
Yeah. It's, I don't know child I just, I can't wait till it's over November three can't come fast enough for me. I just pray
that it goes the right way because I
am
so tired
because
my
kids are like oh it's corona over yet because they want to go to the park and play and they can't go to the park and play. They miss going to school. Uh They're tired of being in the house. I am tired of being in the house too.
So it's like all this other stuff and it's like okay we just need to get all this together. And then I was watching something the other day and they were talking about like you know like so many people are becoming homeless right now because of the pandemic
here. Um can you know don't have money to pay for food and everything else. And this guy was talking to his like and plus they're supposed to research this actually
in Ireland they actually put a season all mortgage payments and rent. They decided to give everybody $450 a week who is not working and those who are working, the government will pay 30% of your check and the organization 70% and only one person can leave the house to go do the shopping and stuff like that and whatever else. And I was like wow. And then I know Canada also is giving they're paying their people to stay home as well.
So it's like everybody is doing something to make sure that there community is like while taking care of
the
residents.
It is. It is. But anyway I go let you go because I know you want
to watch it
and
stuff. We had a great time talking
thank you
all of us to you to
have a good night.