Hey, how's it going?
Good. I'm anna
kira cool.
Doing pretty good. Kind of laying in low which is nice. Uh just having a little baby cocktail good thursday, you know? Yeah,
getting there. Yeah. Where are you calling from, Kira?
I know it's kind of funny. I I'm kind of torn like I I feel like I should watch it, but I'm also kind of just like whatever a lot of ways uh
micro let other people watch it and give me the highlights tomorrow
that
I know right? I'm dying to know.
in some
ways it
was
I arrived late to watching it and I was feeling like kind of anxious about watching and I'm going to watch it with my family and we're kind of like a mixed bunch of folks who have very different views and everything and I ended up just going into it treating it like it was some crazy tv show and it just made it so much more fun realistically what's going to change, you know, like I don't really think that a lot like a lot of people are going to be like, oh that did it for me, you know, so it's just kind of this political like theater and so I just treated it with that and it was so much more fun because
it was like
whatever you know,
It's the train wreck thing, you can't, can't look at them and you can't look away. It's like it's crazy and
if
that does decide your vote, like where have you been?
I'm like
why you're not paying attention to all the other crisis
I think.
But
I don't
see it.
I heard
that he
said
something
but I didn't hear it but that's wild
between
him
and
ice
cube.
I said between him and
I thank you. I
what?
Color
Exactly. It's just not a value and so of course he's gonna and and the thing is like yeah he acts
self important
but about things that don't matter. It's like the weird thing. It's like your commander in chief, you have the nuclear codes and you're like bragging about the ratings of your town all like who cares, who can.
I
haven't actually seen it, but I've just seen a lot of discussion about it and I'm sure it's just, I honestly have a hard time listening to his voice
at this point because it just like really kind of bothers me and I like usually end up either just reading his quotes or
like
seeing
what other people say about it because I just sit there and actually hear his voice is just like, I don't know it's not necessarily upsetting, but it's like, like makes me anxious and I'm just like I hate this, so I have a hard
time clicking on links that are
directly him talking. It's usually I have to read the transcript because I'm like I can handle that. There's something about his voice that fathers me so much.
Same.
his
motivation,
he fumbled. I'm not
convinced
that he actually wants to be president, I feel like he's miserable, like he hates it.
it
so
much
first.
Yeah,
so much
love
if they
can find
lori
Laughlin to prison for that college admissions scandal then it feels like we could get trump end up into jail.
totally,
they don't apply
to
him
no,
it's
so,
let's get
out,
well that's what's frustrating,
I
feel
like,
I feel like the places where democrats have had power, they haven't even really used it to the fullest extent and really haven't. Like there's been too much like trying to reach across the aisle,
went across the aisle is like a trash fire and so it's like the power that you have to actually make the changes, but they're acting like we just can't do anything because the republicans twisted it all up
and yet like some of that, but like their acting so helpless and I'm not I'm not convinced that they couldn't be doing more, but they're going to they know that we're gonna, you know, a lot of folks are going to vote for them because they don't want republicans, but it's like this race to the
bottom of like the worst politics where like, we're just barely evading like dictatorship at any moment
and it's like, can't we do better than this seriously? So crazy,
There's so much damage
that's been done both during his administration and even before his administration that it's like, yeah, it's a daunting idea to like
fix this government
because it just feels
so deeply, deeply messed up. I yeah, it's a lot is going to determine what
happens
over the next couple of months. Like the things
that happened a couple of months, we'll do a lot to to set for the future because I'm not counting on biden winning. Like I want like that's my preferred
outcome. But like I'm not sure
like we thought we knew.
no.
First
heard
it was crazy.
Like I remember I was with friends and we weren't we weren't watching any live broadcast, but we just had like someone's laptop up with, you know, like the results page and we were playing games and drinking and hanging out. And then there was like a certain point where someone went, hold on, like, look, look at this, what's going on. And like he was pulling ahead and we were like, what? And like everything got like kind of quiet and we were just sitting there with like all of our hands on our faces like, and then it happened and then I was like, I have to go home. I can't be around people right now. What is what just happened? It was so
jarring.
We're
like,
there's no
way he's
gonna
win. No way.
It
doesn't
matter.
It got so real, so fast.
But I'm afraid
that hope,
I'm
afraid to be
holding
disappointed.
There's no way to prove whether or not they did. You know? We just know that people did. Yeah.
So
weird.
It's so weird. It's
the old guard.
We're
recovering still.
I'd
be like,
sorry. We've been such jerks for four years
and
we're
bad.
No
apartheid
for sure. Because we still don't
know if we'll be able to operate normally. Really?
Mm. I don't
thinking
it's hard to imagine
we
are.
And then here
we are
there
uh That's
what the
islands
and of all we have. We have millions of people that live in this country that are so much smarter. Like really had to be him. That's what I just don't get
like why him?
Oh really? Okay. Oh.
This
jeez,
dude,
Your
battle.
It
How old
are you?
It
was different
than like the normal politicians. There's no getting around there.
Dude, seriously? A woman would have
been like,
sorry,
quit your shit, we need to get this over with. It would have been done.
All
the
platforms.
It was real.
Are there?
I'd
like to think
they
learned
their
lesson. It's hard to know because they still do, they still write pieces and headlines that are
not totally clear that present opinion, like fact and it's like guys guys. Yeah. It's really hard. All the money in it makes it really hard to, you know, it's like they're going for clicks, they're
going for like attention and so unfortunately, you know
if it bleeds it leads, it's like,
it's not like if they write everything like you know like fair and
people are gonna be like, oh I'm so excited for this super boring news story
even though it's what we probably actually need. Like, yeah,
we don't
like that kind of medicine. We want everything to be
really sweet and spicy
and exciting, you know?
What
are you
doing?
I know
everything
happens
so fast that I'm always worried I'm gonna miss
something because it's just all happening at like a, we get like a week's
worth of news in a day and then tomorrow there's a whole other weeks worth of news like you can't keep up.
totally.
I believe
it.
that was really a wonderful treat. That was too much fun. All the fly jokes. Oh, come on. It
was awesome. It was like, this is great. This is just an innocent, like awesome fun thing that happened. It's like a little treat for us enjoy it while you command
because
things are going to keep
you got to take
win
when you
get it.
great,
totally.
my gosh.
Stop
it guy.
It's not filled,
totally.
they got like a little towel around their neck, you know? Okay.
Riley
that
it was like two full minutes which is like a million years in tv time. It was so crazy. I couldn't believe it because I was watching and I was like how you slice it on his head because we're crazy.
Well because it's like you know, I can understand it's like up here you know, he's probably got some product in his hair, you know, you can't feel it. I was just like, it was really fun. I was over there just trying.
What are you gonna do?
You
know who could have predicted?
Yeah because it's exhausting.
was,
that was a good time. I'll take the little fly, giving us a little a little fun moments
in all of the heaviness and chaos. Yeah,
it's very overstimulating. Like it just, yeah, I've been sleeping more because I'm just like I'm, everything is exhausting
right now so I need more and you can get through my day honestly.
it's
not
that
hard.
It's
not
over
because we're tired of it.
you can't
even
dream,
you can't cream of it. You're not, yeah, it doesn't work like that and of course he doesn't realize it. So then he's talking about it like it's no big deal and it's like, oh my God, I'm gonna pull all of my hair out. You guys seriously? Stop.
I agree.
With
you
with
you on
that,
But
for
Ruth,
two grand a month.
But
not
us, nope. No stimulus ever. Maybe or a by.
definitely.
Thanks for
calling.
I'll
ask you and your family, Okay?
All