SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. It's right. Mhm. Something yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Hey, what's up? Yeah. Mhm. Hello? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Oh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Oh,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: okay.
SPEAKER_R: Hey, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: Not too bad. How you doing?
SPEAKER_R: Pretty good.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, so anyways, looks like we are good to go then. Huh?
SPEAKER_R: So on the other page there's that timer uh for minus started at like four minutes, mm.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, that's just informational. We started like 30 seconds ago. So yeah, there's been a little bit of this way in the payment. Have you done, have you got any of these before?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I've done um I've been using prolific like all summer and specifically with these conversations. I've done like to others and yeah, it seems like the payment does take a little longer. I know they're like contact us after two days if it doesn't go through and it's usually like the last second, I'll see it come in.
SPEAKER_L: Oh crap. I got to contact them then.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, you think I paid for the last one?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So this is my fourth one. So that's my last one. And the last one I had was kind of messed up because I was, I moved on after I was about to exit because the person was like five minutes late and then I was like a crap. All right, let's let's go with this.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, so you almost closed out?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I was about to quiet already. I already closed the survey part and I had to contact them and be like, can you like generate me a custom survey? Because I actually did talk to the person. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Damn. What's your name?
SPEAKER_L: Dave.
SPEAKER_R: Dave. I'm joe.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Hey joe.
SPEAKER_R: Um So you in college? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: No, I'm a, I'm a lawyer.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, you're a lawyer.
SPEAKER_L: I'm not a professional.
SPEAKER_R: Ah
SPEAKER_L: Just, we're just doing this for hobby money essentially. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm a college student. How would it be a sophomore?
SPEAKER_L: Oh, so you're like 19? All right, I'm only 16 years older than you. Always. Always interesting to get up to get to that point in your life where you talk to you when you get like, wait, how old is this person? Oh, they were they were born when I was, when I was in late high school.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Isn't it weird to think about,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, well you haven't really encountered it yet, so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean, I have a little cousin, but I mean that's pretty much all.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, uh, happens to everybody. We uh get to this point. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So uh where did you go to college?
SPEAKER_L: I went to college in massachusetts BRANDEIS and I graduated from there in 2000 and seven and I went to law school and I was just been working. So
SPEAKER_R: So have you always wanted to be a lawyer?
SPEAKER_L: uh not me when urinate uh when I was an 18 year old kid anyways, I don't know what I wanted to do, I was like uh just kind of just moved from one, oh shit moment to another
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: feel,
SPEAKER_L: just kind of carry it forward until it somehow it just for me just, just me just kind of worked out very well and there are plenty of times where I thought it wouldn't. So how about you? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: so right now.
SPEAKER_L: Question, but just generally speaking your ideas, the prospects.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so right now I'm studying math and physics, I'm really interested in theoretical physics, so I'd like to do some research uh maybe look into teaching because I had been doing some tutoring on the side. And um in addition to prolific, I've been doing some writing for like uh have you heard of content mills? Like text broker?
SPEAKER_L: Think of our text broker,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so it's just like a site. Um you sign up, submit a writing sample and then there will be these posts by clients of like, hey, I need an article on a recap of this article or something and then you write it and you get paid for it. You can also join different teams. Different teams will have like different topics and then if you get a reputation going, you can get direct orders for things.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah, I could have gotten in on the ground game both these kinds of things and I almost did, I just find writing articles after work, just be like, I was like no, I can click bubbles, but
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I feel
SPEAKER_L: writing stuff tough,
SPEAKER_R: so. I actually
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: just throated, what's
SPEAKER_L: go ahead, go ahead, I was just talking over a second.
SPEAKER_R: that's fine. I actually just wrote an article and it was like a review of this article by, or it was on advice for new lawyers from a guy named
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: jeremy
SPEAKER_L: don't,
SPEAKER_R: Goldstein. How have you heard of them? But I thought it was interesting because I know pretty much nothing about, you know, being a lawyer or anything. So I would imagine that you would do a decent amount of writing for your job. Is that true? Or is it mostly like research and then um you have like formats for how you put things together?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's for me it's more of the latter these days. Um like I actually submit, I actually after 7.5 years I finally submitted my writing sample to writers Domain, which is another one. Another one of the same things,
SPEAKER_R: Like a content
SPEAKER_L: actually
SPEAKER_R: bill.
SPEAKER_L: a crazy point 7.5 years ago, and I was like, I really don't want to do this, but I finally just wrote an article and I was writing and I'm like, man, I haven't written like completely original work like this. Well that's not true, but haven't pulled stuff out of my ass like that um in such a long time because object working on uh things, they usually have a format and usually a topic that I know pretty well and this not so much, I kind of had to be like, oh here's a here's like a made up argument that I just made for a made up issue that I just made up new studies available. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: so do you have like a specialization?
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. I like your tax. There was state. Are you in?
SPEAKER_R: Um Illinois are you still in massachusetts? Very cool, I think. Um Yeah, one of the people I talked to before they were on the East coast and somebody else was in texas. This is because the last two people I talked to, they were like the same age as me, you're the first guy who's older that I've gotten. I was expecting them to like, like for there to be an algorithm where you get the same kind of partner each time, but I guess it really is random.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Yeah. I mean, I got, let's see, I was surprised to my enroll women and I didn't mturk one and there was another woman too, so I'm like, this is not, this is mainly women doing these kinds of things these days. Um then uh no, two of them were working for professionals. When was that college students? Not sure, but the other one. Uh but yeah, curious about the content, no thing
SPEAKER_R: Well, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: kind of a pain in the ass, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, sometimes, I mean it's not as common at text broker, but I actually write for another one as well called constant content and they can send back revision requests and sometimes it's just like stupid shit you don't even want to go through with. And um
SPEAKER_L: they are.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know, constant contents weird because their payouts like automatic so you can get all this money in the account. But nothing happens until I guess like a certain time of the month. I don't know because I have like 20 bucks in my account. And it was supposed to come out earlier this month. But nothing happened. And they just changed their payment method from Paypal to like this other thing called I think pay in the air. And when you try to sign into that company's site to check your funds like you would uh Paypal or something it tells you, oh you know your accounts affiliated with uh another business, You have to sign in through their website. But there's nothing there. So the payment of these things is weird.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's thanks. When you redeemed by a papal, do they, do you get a fee taken out?
SPEAKER_R: Ah I think that's only if you wanted to go through instantly, otherwise it's just pretty straightforward.
SPEAKER_L: So they don't take their cut from those? That's good.
SPEAKER_R: Well they take a cut but in terms of transferring your money it's just free as long as you're willing to wait.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I don't mean from your from your paypal account to the uh to your bank, I mean from writers domain, sending it to you via paypal, they pay the full amount.
SPEAKER_R: Uh well say somebody's willing to pay like 100 bucks for an article or something. Um Really any amount they take a certain cut, I think it's like 35%. But after that you get to keep everything. I wish they were as smooth as the prolific payout.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, prolific. I don't know without these kinds of things like this special study, I probably make like 10 12 bucks a week on it at most.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's like some days there's a ton of studies and then others there's just nothing.
SPEAKER_L: Right? I mean, but I don't think I don't only do a study if it's at least like 12 bucks, 12 us bucks an hour or something now, you know, sure, I'll click on a few bubbles or 12 at that rate, not for like four bucks an hour, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I feel, I don't really think about that. Usually I just click whatever comes up.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm just learning, I mean, I'm also an M Turkey, there's a ton of stuff there, but I'm like yeah, I'm not doing it unless it's 15 bucks an hour at least.
SPEAKER_R: So is mturk. Uh The amazon thing
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it just has a bunch of tasks on it and it's uh well it has kind of a learning curve to it. It's
SPEAKER_R: I've heard that.
SPEAKER_L: not miss memories. Sometimes you get nice batches, sometimes the badges compare really well. What I like about them is that they're fairly mindless. Um That's kind of just my whole beef with the writing stuff. It's like I'm like a uh it's quite concentrate.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, especially when you're not making a whole lot at first it can be really hard to, you know, give it your all for an article, you'll make like five bucks on.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Talking to this guy who I used to do surveys with like 10 years ago, I got him into surveys generally. It's always been writing for writers to maine for like the past eight years. He's made 200 grand in those eight years from figures domain. He's paying. So we gotta she bought a house. Oh actually he lives in Illinois too. And I think about he bought a house like seven years ago and he said I'll have my mortgage paid off next year doing my job. And writers domain.
SPEAKER_R: Also it was his job plus writers domain. But I mean 20 K. Or 200 K. And eight years. That's pretty sustainable.
SPEAKER_L: Mm So that's like what like 20 K. A year? No.
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: now I was thinking a little
SPEAKER_L: 20.
SPEAKER_R: bit less, I mean that's still not bad for, you know, working through some website.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. And he was telling me like, yeah, I just I just made 75 bucks in the past hour. I'm like yeah, but like you have this unique ability to just shit out this content and that's just not, I don't think I could shit out content like that. I was able to shit out. I was actually happy because please work that writing sample of Semitic and I just crapped it out like crap and it only took me like probably an hour because I was uh revising it for like 30 minutes and checking for spelling errors and stuff, but it came together kind of fairly
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: quickly. But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. The thing about the sites is definitely rewards being able to shit out content consistently. It's not so much like you write one really good article or whatever. It's like every day you can deliver.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. How much do you think you make a day um are weak doing it?
SPEAKER_R: Um It's a good question probably between, I'd say like 10 to 20 bucks. It kind of just depends. Um So far I've made like $60 on text broker. I've only received 15 though because ah there payout system is weird, so I gotta wait for the rest to come through. But um I joined it I think a couple weeks ago.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. You have an interesting question because you're a college student. What, what's going on for the fall
SPEAKER_R: Oh the fall so um
SPEAKER_L: rather a few weeks or whatever?
SPEAKER_R: yeah what they're gonna do is or what already did was divide the classes up. It's a different categories. So some are just like in person, others are completely online and then they also have like half and half so half of the kids will be there for I think it's like one week and then the other half will come in another week. But for those classes like one of my math classes it's you can basically choose ah if you want to go fully online, they don't actually care if you come in. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: So, well, yes, I mean, I guess I would if I were, if I were, if I were in college these days, I probably just pick online, I was thinking about it. I'm like, man, like just watching a course all day. I mean, I guess on one hand, that's like, it was like my dream in college, I was just like, oh, just freaking want to go to class and just not deal with anything
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I feel,
SPEAKER_L: and then really come back and just do whatever I gotta do, keep on top of it.
SPEAKER_R: yeah the only reason I wouldn't want to do 100% online is that I want to be able to see my friends at school. I just be in my room all day.
SPEAKER_L: I know it's tough though, but I was kind of a very you crazy situation. I mean, yeah, I could, I would. I mean it sucks to have like the college, I have to be too depressing, but I guess in part to have like a college stream kind of like taken away, you know?
SPEAKER_R: definitely different but I got to experience it like regular before.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. School stuff is kind of tricky.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Especially in like the inner city, like in Chicago. I know they're having a lot of problems with figure out how they're going to do things.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean you having all those kids together?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And it's not the best areas. So it's not like they can just say all right, go on your laptop at home and you know, check into the lecture or the class at this time doesn't work that way.
SPEAKER_L: Well that's cool in marjah, you know
SPEAKER_R: This is what?
SPEAKER_L: the white kids too. So that's the thing. Um So I mean, you know like the rubber is gonna like hit the road sort of speak pretty soon on these kinds of issues.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'll be interesting to see what happens.
SPEAKER_L: I know, I was telling a friend, I was like, what? Like what's going to happen in these schools? Like change their call. These like are people finally gonna wake up when we have a 50% positivity test rates and like the thousands of deaths a day is that will that be enough to change people's, this is completely 100% get everybody on board this whole thing, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, definitely. A strange scenario. Has your work been affected at all?
SPEAKER_L: I mean we have working at home since March and probably not going to, I don't know where we're going. I don't know, I mean, I don't know where we're going back. Um You know,
SPEAKER_R: So, um have you had to appear in court at all or?
SPEAKER_L: thankfully I don't I don't do court stuff anymore. I just do like I just like do regulations and like uh policy like legal policies and things like that. Uh But if I was in my old job doing that's not, I think they're doing the hearings online because as you can imagine, the judges are old,
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I see.
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: Right, right. Plus that I want
SPEAKER_L: otherwise
SPEAKER_R: to have.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I just would keel over. Uh So you know, they're incentivized to facilitate that process too, you know? Uh But yeah, I mean there's been a lot of virtual hearings and stuff like that going on. I mean I don't know how you do that with like a jury, but I just didn't, you know the civil type cases before an administrative board so no. Yeah. Mhm. What sounds a lot more interesting than that? Well, I don't know would have blown my mind prepare myself in sophomore year. So now I'd be like damn, finally dream no more homework just making money and just able to indulge in stuff in my free time, you know? Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Like, I know high school was definitely harder than where a man now. I'm sure it's the exact same, you know, with you looking back.
SPEAKER_L: High school, high school is tough. I mean high school I went I went to, we also had after school activities to were mandatory,
SPEAKER_R: All they were mandatory.
SPEAKER_L: you know?
SPEAKER_R: That sucks.
SPEAKER_L: I know it
SPEAKER_R: Kind of ruins the point. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well yeah, so we wouldn't, I wouldn't get home till like five PM. Have to be there at like 7 30. Wouldn't get home to like after five potentially. Not always, but sometimes and uh yeah, then it's like, yeah, you have like three hours through your homework, have fun.
SPEAKER_R: that was the same thing with me. I ran cross country from high school and yeah, every day during the season get home at like five and then you know eat at
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: six o'clock
SPEAKER_L: probably
SPEAKER_R: to homework and then get up early as hell again, start
SPEAKER_L: protecting
SPEAKER_R: the whole thing over.
SPEAKER_L: us. Yes, you're stupid. I mean, I don't know. They should, they should start it later and give less homework, you know? Uh homework kind of sucks
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, definitely pointless.
SPEAKER_L: personally.
SPEAKER_R: It's just busy work. That's the one thing I really liked with the line classes because we started those in or we did them for the second semester last year. They just eliminate all the busy work and get to the core
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: of what you have to do for the class.
SPEAKER_L: that would make sense considering the whole like, oh crap, we don't know what we're doing even, we're kind of stuck in as well. I think a lot of them had to improvise. So when you, when is, when do you guys have to go back or whatever?
SPEAKER_R: Um So I have a decent amount of friends who are going back later this week and then I think I go back like the 24th I commute. So it's like a 15 minute drive. I don't have to leave or pack do anything. I know some people have already ah you know laughed gone in their dorms. I'm not sure when they start all probably sometime this week.
SPEAKER_L: Are they doing testing on campus? Like mandatory testing?
SPEAKER_R: Um So our president sent out an email saying that they were it sounded like they were only doing mandatory testing for people living on campus athletes. And then uh the people like preparing food on the campus like in the restaurants and stuff. Other than that. They just encourage you to get tested, stuff like that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think they should probably, I was listening to the podcast about the virus. They were saying, you know, colleges, they should probably get, you know, they probably have testing every week or every other day or something
SPEAKER_R: What podcasts?
SPEAKER_L: this week in virology. Pretty good. You're just talking about how, you know, it's kind of meaningless to have like a test once a month or something, you know, because then it's like, yeah, okay. I was, yeah, because the idea is we spent so much focus on just the quality of these tests. Um and that there are so few tests comparatively, there probably should be like millions a day at least.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean the whole thing about Covid is that it's a coronavirus, which is something everybody gets at some point during their lives. So it's really just a matter of, I mean it seems like most of the regulations would be so that not everybody gets sick at the same time because it's already inevitable that you're going to have to deal with it at some point. They're pretty common.
SPEAKER_L: Close, a unique one. For sure. I don't know. I'm still thinking that uh maybe we'll get lucky and not everybody has to get it because uh side effects is things are really bad,
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, that can be
SPEAKER_L: even
SPEAKER_R: nasty.
SPEAKER_L: if you don't know, you know, they could triple you essentially for life.
SPEAKER_R: Have
SPEAKER_L: So.
SPEAKER_R: you heard of hydroxychloroquine?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That whole that whole nonsense. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: It's actually
SPEAKER_L: It's like,
SPEAKER_R: worked
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: in countries like Turkey, um different places.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. It's controversial because I think what happened was a lot of people wanted it to be the magic pill that could make it go away. But then there's been numerous studies since then they say, oh actually does, it doesn't really do anything at all, just actually increases mortality rates. I'm not based on some studies because it's actually kind of like a powerful uh important drug for its intended purpose. Like you can easily overdoses like die from it. I'm very, very small amounts, so sadly uh the way out there are new treatments, new antiviral treatments, and effective vaccines, I guess. Just everybody getting it and hoping that the immunity sticks
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. See the problem I have with vaccines is it all stems from like the Bill Melinda Gates Foundation and
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: pharmaceutical companies who all of a sudden seem to really care about people's health and specifically with the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and vaccines they have a horrendous track record, they've done testing like Africa India India was especially bad. They paralyzed like 500,000 kids and the indian government basically banned Bill Gates from there.
SPEAKER_L: I think Bill Gates is an asshole because the pushes a lot of like some shit with his charity, like um fighting teachers unions in trying to privatize the stuff like that, you know, since he's still rich, you know, he's only getting richer. So why is he getting richer if he's only does charity stuff and parties from the part of it's the value of his Microsoft stocks, but I think his charity really exists to serve his business interests. You know, he was a big, there's a big owner of, you know, obviously he was the ceo of Microsoft, so you know, he has private interests, he wants to further with, with the virus stuff and vaccines. I don't know. I think what he should do is you should give away his freaking money. That's
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: what I think.
SPEAKER_R: actual
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: philanthropy
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, just give away the damn money. Don't like form an organization to give it the way you want it. Just give it away,
SPEAKER_R: right? Like if you want to help actually
SPEAKER_L: just put it
SPEAKER_R: help.
SPEAKER_L: up. Uh huh. Yeah, just, yeah, a lot of these rich assholes just form a is formally thrown philanthropic organization. What is it just, just, just further is their own selective interests, you know?
SPEAKER_R: it also makes them look
SPEAKER_L: Security,
SPEAKER_R: good for doing shitty things. Like you know the robber barons from the 18 hundreds? Yeah they did the same thing with philanthropy.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, they were, they were, they were the ones who will, they pioneered the modern concept of it, you know, that's why it was hilarious with, I'm no trump fan, but Hillary Clinton foundation was particularly uh ridiculous, you know, to get like countries like Saudi Arabia to make a donation to promote women's like liberty or whatever, like, yeah, okay, I'm sure Saudi Arabia really cares about women's liberties, you know, give me a break, you know, I'm sure they weren't, weren't donating it for some other purpose, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah I'm sure had nothing to do with that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, real asshole both of them. So what's our time out here?
SPEAKER_R: Um Looks like a threat. Maybe 27 minutes.
SPEAKER_L: okay. Well I guess we can call it and move on to the fun after study.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I can't wait. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I, I want that, I want that, I want those £10 or whatever.
SPEAKER_R: same here.
SPEAKER_L: Anyways, let's get
SPEAKER_R: talking
SPEAKER_L: out and
SPEAKER_R: to Dave.