Uh huh. It's right. Mhm. Something yeah. Okay.
Oh.
Oh,
okay.
Not too bad. How you doing?
Oh, so anyways, looks like we are good to go then. Huh?
yeah, that's just informational. We started like 30 seconds ago. So yeah, there's been a little bit of this way in the payment. Have you done, have you got any of these before?
Oh crap. I got to contact them then.
Yeah. So this is my fourth one. So that's my last one. And the last one I had was kind of messed up because I was, I moved on after I was about to exit because the person was like five minutes late and then I was like a crap. All right, let's let's go with this.
Yeah, I was about to quiet already. I already closed the survey part and I had to contact them and be like, can you like generate me a custom survey? Because I actually did talk to the person. Yeah.
Dave.
Mhm. Hey joe.
No, I'm a, I'm a lawyer.
I'm not a professional.
Just, we're just doing this for hobby money essentially. How about you?
Oh, so you're like 19? All right, I'm only 16 years older than you. Always. Always interesting to get up to get to that point in your life where you talk to you when you get like, wait, how old is this person? Oh, they were they were born when I was, when I was in late high school.
Yeah, well you haven't really encountered it yet, so
yeah, uh, happens to everybody. We uh get to this point. Yeah,
I went to college in massachusetts BRANDEIS and I graduated from there in 2000 and seven and I went to law school and I was just been working. So
uh not me when urinate uh when I was an 18 year old kid anyways, I don't know what I wanted to do, I was like uh just kind of just moved from one, oh shit moment to another
and
just kind of carry it forward until it somehow it just for me just, just me just kind of worked out very well and there are plenty of times where I thought it wouldn't. So how about you? Mhm.
Question, but just generally speaking your ideas, the prospects.
Think of our text broker,
Yeah, yeah, I could have gotten in on the ground game both these kinds of things and I almost did, I just find writing articles after work, just be like, I was like no, I can click bubbles, but
writing stuff tough,
we
go ahead, go ahead, I was just talking over a second.
I
don't,
Yeah, it's for me it's more of the latter these days. Um like I actually submit, I actually after 7.5 years I finally submitted my writing sample to writers Domain, which is another one. Another one of the same things,
actually
a crazy point 7.5 years ago, and I was like, I really don't want to do this, but I finally just wrote an article and I was writing and I'm like, man, I haven't written like completely original work like this. Well that's not true, but haven't pulled stuff out of my ass like that um in such a long time because object working on uh things, they usually have a format and usually a topic that I know pretty well and this not so much, I kind of had to be like, oh here's a here's like a made up argument that I just made for a made up issue that I just made up new studies available. Uh huh.
Mhm. I like your tax. There was state. Are you in?
yeah. Yeah. I mean, I got, let's see, I was surprised to my enroll women and I didn't mturk one and there was another woman too, so I'm like, this is not, this is mainly women doing these kinds of things these days. Um then uh no, two of them were working for professionals. When was that college students? Not sure, but the other one. Uh but yeah, curious about the content, no thing
kind of a pain in the ass, you know?
they are.
Yeah, that's thanks. When you redeemed by a papal, do they, do you get a fee taken out?
So they don't take their cut from those? That's good.
Oh, I don't mean from your from your paypal account to the uh to your bank, I mean from writers domain, sending it to you via paypal, they pay the full amount.
Yeah, prolific. I don't know without these kinds of things like this special study, I probably make like 10 12 bucks a week on it at most.
Right? I mean, but I don't think I don't only do a study if it's at least like 12 bucks, 12 us bucks an hour or something now, you know, sure, I'll click on a few bubbles or 12 at that rate, not for like four bucks an hour, you know?
Yeah, I'm just learning, I mean, I'm also an M Turkey, there's a ton of stuff there, but I'm like yeah, I'm not doing it unless it's 15 bucks an hour at least.
Yeah, it just has a bunch of tasks on it and it's uh well it has kind of a learning curve to it. It's
not miss memories. Sometimes you get nice batches, sometimes the badges compare really well. What I like about them is that they're fairly mindless. Um That's kind of just my whole beef with the writing stuff. It's like I'm like a uh it's quite concentrate.
Mhm. Talking to this guy who I used to do surveys with like 10 years ago, I got him into surveys generally. It's always been writing for writers to maine for like the past eight years. He's made 200 grand in those eight years from figures domain. He's paying. So we gotta she bought a house. Oh actually he lives in Illinois too. And I think about he bought a house like seven years ago and he said I'll have my mortgage paid off next year doing my job. And writers domain.
Mm So that's like what like 20 K. A year? No.
Well
20.
Yeah. Yeah. And he was telling me like, yeah, I just I just made 75 bucks in the past hour. I'm like yeah, but like you have this unique ability to just shit out this content and that's just not, I don't think I could shit out content like that. I was able to shit out. I was actually happy because please work that writing sample of Semitic and I just crapped it out like crap and it only took me like probably an hour because I was uh revising it for like 30 minutes and checking for spelling errors and stuff, but it came together kind of fairly
quickly. But
Yes. How much do you think you make a day um are weak doing it?
Mhm. You have an interesting question because you're a college student. What, what's going on for the fall
rather a few weeks or whatever?
So, well, yes, I mean, I guess I would if I were, if I were, if I were in college these days, I probably just pick online, I was thinking about it. I'm like, man, like just watching a course all day. I mean, I guess on one hand, that's like, it was like my dream in college, I was just like, oh, just freaking want to go to class and just not deal with anything
and then really come back and just do whatever I gotta do, keep on top of it.
I know it's tough though, but I was kind of a very you crazy situation. I mean, yeah, I could, I would. I mean it sucks to have like the college, I have to be too depressing, but I guess in part to have like a college stream kind of like taken away, you know?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. School stuff is kind of tricky.
Yeah. I mean you having all those kids together?
Well that's cool in marjah, you know
the white kids too. So that's the thing. Um So I mean, you know like the rubber is gonna like hit the road sort of speak pretty soon on these kinds of issues.
I know, I was telling a friend, I was like, what? Like what's going to happen in these schools? Like change their call. These like are people finally gonna wake up when we have a 50% positivity test rates and like the thousands of deaths a day is that will that be enough to change people's, this is completely 100% get everybody on board this whole thing, you know?
I mean we have working at home since March and probably not going to, I don't know where we're going. I don't know, I mean, I don't know where we're going back. Um You know,
thankfully I don't I don't do court stuff anymore. I just do like I just like do regulations and like uh policy like legal policies and things like that. Uh But if I was in my old job doing that's not, I think they're doing the hearings online because as you can imagine, the judges are old,
so
otherwise
yeah, I just would keel over. Uh So you know, they're incentivized to facilitate that process too, you know? Uh But yeah, I mean there's been a lot of virtual hearings and stuff like that going on. I mean I don't know how you do that with like a jury, but I just didn't, you know the civil type cases before an administrative board so no. Yeah. Mhm. What sounds a lot more interesting than that? Well, I don't know would have blown my mind prepare myself in sophomore year. So now I'd be like damn, finally dream no more homework just making money and just able to indulge in stuff in my free time, you know? Uh huh.
High school, high school is tough. I mean high school I went I went to, we also had after school activities to were mandatory,
you know?
I know it
Well yeah, so we wouldn't, I wouldn't get home till like five PM. Have to be there at like 7 30. Wouldn't get home to like after five potentially. Not always, but sometimes and uh yeah, then it's like, yeah, you have like three hours through your homework, have fun.
It's
probably
protecting
us. Yes, you're stupid. I mean, I don't know. They should, they should start it later and give less homework, you know? Uh homework kind of sucks
personally.
Well
that would make sense considering the whole like, oh crap, we don't know what we're doing even, we're kind of stuck in as well. I think a lot of them had to improvise. So when you, when is, when do you guys have to go back or whatever?
Are they doing testing on campus? Like mandatory testing?
Yeah, I think they should probably, I was listening to the podcast about the virus. They were saying, you know, colleges, they should probably get, you know, they probably have testing every week or every other day or something
this week in virology. Pretty good. You're just talking about how, you know, it's kind of meaningless to have like a test once a month or something, you know, because then it's like, yeah, okay. I was, yeah, because the idea is we spent so much focus on just the quality of these tests. Um and that there are so few tests comparatively, there probably should be like millions a day at least.
Close, a unique one. For sure. I don't know. I'm still thinking that uh maybe we'll get lucky and not everybody has to get it because uh side effects is things are really bad,
even
if you don't know, you know, they could triple you essentially for life.
So.
Yeah. That whole that whole nonsense. Yeah.
It's like,
it's
Mhm. It's controversial because I think what happened was a lot of people wanted it to be the magic pill that could make it go away. But then there's been numerous studies since then they say, oh actually does, it doesn't really do anything at all, just actually increases mortality rates. I'm not based on some studies because it's actually kind of like a powerful uh important drug for its intended purpose. Like you can easily overdoses like die from it. I'm very, very small amounts, so sadly uh the way out there are new treatments, new antiviral treatments, and effective vaccines, I guess. Just everybody getting it and hoping that the immunity sticks
and
I think Bill Gates is an asshole because the pushes a lot of like some shit with his charity, like um fighting teachers unions in trying to privatize the stuff like that, you know, since he's still rich, you know, he's only getting richer. So why is he getting richer if he's only does charity stuff and parties from the part of it's the value of his Microsoft stocks, but I think his charity really exists to serve his business interests. You know, he was a big, there's a big owner of, you know, obviously he was the ceo of Microsoft, so you know, he has private interests, he wants to further with, with the virus stuff and vaccines. I don't know. I think what he should do is you should give away his freaking money. That's
what I think.
No.
Yeah, just give away the damn money. Don't like form an organization to give it the way you want it. Just give it away,
just put it
up. Uh huh. Yeah, just, yeah, a lot of these rich assholes just form a is formally thrown philanthropic organization. What is it just, just, just further is their own selective interests, you know?
Security,
yeah, they were, they were, they were the ones who will, they pioneered the modern concept of it, you know, that's why it was hilarious with, I'm no trump fan, but Hillary Clinton foundation was particularly uh ridiculous, you know, to get like countries like Saudi Arabia to make a donation to promote women's like liberty or whatever, like, yeah, okay, I'm sure Saudi Arabia really cares about women's liberties, you know, give me a break, you know, I'm sure they weren't, weren't donating it for some other purpose, you know?
Yeah, real asshole both of them. So what's our time out here?
okay. Well I guess we can call it and move on to the fun after study.
I, I want that, I want that, I want those £10 or whatever.
Anyways, let's get
out and