Hey, what's up? Yeah. Mhm. Hello? Mhm.
Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah. Mhm.
Hey, how are you?
Pretty good.
So on the other page there's that timer uh for minus started at like four minutes, mm.
Yeah, I've done um I've been using prolific like all summer and specifically with these conversations. I've done like to others and yeah, it seems like the payment does take a little longer. I know they're like contact us after two days if it doesn't go through and it's usually like the last second, I'll see it come in.
Oh, you think I paid for the last one?
Oh, so you almost closed out?
Yeah. Damn. What's your name?
Dave. I'm joe.
Um So you in college? Mhm.
Oh, you're a lawyer.
Ah
I'm a college student. How would it be a sophomore?
Yeah. Isn't it weird to think about,
Yeah, I mean, I have a little cousin, but I mean that's pretty much all.
Yeah. So uh where did you go to college?
So have you always wanted to be a lawyer?
I
feel,
so right now.
Yeah, so right now I'm studying math and physics, I'm really interested in theoretical physics, so I'd like to do some research uh maybe look into teaching because I had been doing some tutoring on the side. And um in addition to prolific, I've been doing some writing for like uh have you heard of content mills? Like text broker?
Yeah, so it's just like a site. Um you sign up, submit a writing sample and then there will be these posts by clients of like, hey, I need an article on a recap of this article or something and then you write it and you get paid for it. You can also join different teams. Different teams will have like different topics and then if you get a reputation going, you can get direct orders for things.
Yeah, I feel
so. I actually
just throated, what's
that's fine. I actually just wrote an article and it was like a review of this article by, or it was on advice for new lawyers from a guy named
jeremy
Goldstein. How have you heard of them? But I thought it was interesting because I know pretty much nothing about, you know, being a lawyer or anything. So I would imagine that you would do a decent amount of writing for your job. Is that true? Or is it mostly like research and then um you have like formats for how you put things together?
Like a content
bill.
so do you have like a specialization?
Um Illinois are you still in massachusetts? Very cool, I think. Um Yeah, one of the people I talked to before they were on the East coast and somebody else was in texas. This is because the last two people I talked to, they were like the same age as me, you're the first guy who's older that I've gotten. I was expecting them to like, like for there to be an algorithm where you get the same kind of partner each time, but I guess it really is random.
Well, yeah.
Yeah, sometimes, I mean it's not as common at text broker, but I actually write for another one as well called constant content and they can send back revision requests and sometimes it's just like stupid shit you don't even want to go through with. And um
I don't know, constant contents weird because their payouts like automatic so you can get all this money in the account. But nothing happens until I guess like a certain time of the month. I don't know because I have like 20 bucks in my account. And it was supposed to come out earlier this month. But nothing happened. And they just changed their payment method from Paypal to like this other thing called I think pay in the air. And when you try to sign into that company's site to check your funds like you would uh Paypal or something it tells you, oh you know your accounts affiliated with uh another business, You have to sign in through their website. But there's nothing there. So the payment of these things is weird.
Ah I think that's only if you wanted to go through instantly, otherwise it's just pretty straightforward.
Well they take a cut but in terms of transferring your money it's just free as long as you're willing to wait.
Uh well say somebody's willing to pay like 100 bucks for an article or something. Um Really any amount they take a certain cut, I think it's like 35%. But after that you get to keep everything. I wish they were as smooth as the prolific payout.
Yeah, it's like some days there's a ton of studies and then others there's just nothing.
Yeah. I feel, I don't really think about that. Usually I just click whatever comes up.
So is mturk. Uh The amazon thing
I've heard that.
yeah, especially when you're not making a whole lot at first it can be really hard to, you know, give it your all for an article, you'll make like five bucks on.
Also it was his job plus writers domain. But I mean 20 K. Or 200 K. And eight years. That's pretty sustainable.
I'm sorry
now I was thinking a little
bit less, I mean that's still not bad for, you know, working through some website.
What?
Yeah. The thing about the sites is definitely rewards being able to shit out content consistently. It's not so much like you write one really good article or whatever. It's like every day you can deliver.
Um It's a good question probably between, I'd say like 10 to 20 bucks. It kind of just depends. Um So far I've made like $60 on text broker. I've only received 15 though because ah there payout system is weird, so I gotta wait for the rest to come through. But um I joined it I think a couple weeks ago.
Oh the fall so um
yeah what they're gonna do is or what already did was divide the classes up. It's a different categories. So some are just like in person, others are completely online and then they also have like half and half so half of the kids will be there for I think it's like one week and then the other half will come in another week. But for those classes like one of my math classes it's you can basically choose ah if you want to go fully online, they don't actually care if you come in. Mhm.
Yeah. I feel,
yeah the only reason I wouldn't want to do 100% online is that I want to be able to see my friends at school. I just be in my room all day.
definitely different but I got to experience it like regular before.
Yeah. Especially in like the inner city, like in Chicago. I know they're having a lot of problems with figure out how they're going to do things.
Yeah. And it's not the best areas. So it's not like they can just say all right, go on your laptop at home and you know, check into the lecture or the class at this time doesn't work that way.
This is what?
Yeah. I'll be interesting to see what happens.
Yeah, definitely. A strange scenario. Has your work been affected at all?
So, um have you had to appear in court at all or?
Oh, I see.
Right, right. Plus that I want
to have.
Like, I know high school was definitely harder than where a man now. I'm sure it's the exact same, you know, with you looking back.
All they were mandatory.
That sucks.
Kind of ruins the point. Yeah.
that was the same thing with me. I ran cross country from high school and yeah, every day during the season get home at like five and then you know eat at
six o'clock
to homework and then get up early as hell again, start
the whole thing over.
Yeah, definitely pointless.
It's just busy work. That's the one thing I really liked with the line classes because we started those in or we did them for the second semester last year. They just eliminate all the busy work and get to the core
of what you have to do for the class.
Um So I have a decent amount of friends who are going back later this week and then I think I go back like the 24th I commute. So it's like a 15 minute drive. I don't have to leave or pack do anything. I know some people have already ah you know laughed gone in their dorms. I'm not sure when they start all probably sometime this week.
Um So our president sent out an email saying that they were it sounded like they were only doing mandatory testing for people living on campus athletes. And then uh the people like preparing food on the campus like in the restaurants and stuff. Other than that. They just encourage you to get tested, stuff like that.
What podcasts?
Yeah. I mean the whole thing about Covid is that it's a coronavirus, which is something everybody gets at some point during their lives. So it's really just a matter of, I mean it seems like most of the regulations would be so that not everybody gets sick at the same time because it's already inevitable that you're going to have to deal with it at some point. They're pretty common.
Oh yeah, that can be
nasty.
Have
you heard of hydroxychloroquine?
It's actually
worked
in countries like Turkey, um different places.
Yeah. See the problem I have with vaccines is it all stems from like the Bill Melinda Gates Foundation and
pharmaceutical companies who all of a sudden seem to really care about people's health and specifically with the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and vaccines they have a horrendous track record, they've done testing like Africa India India was especially bad. They paralyzed like 500,000 kids and the indian government basically banned Bill Gates from there.
Like
actual
philanthropy
right? Like if you want to help actually
help.
it also makes them look
good for doing shitty things. Like you know the robber barons from the 18 hundreds? Yeah they did the same thing with philanthropy.
Oh yeah I'm sure had nothing to do with that.
Um Looks like a threat. Maybe 27 minutes.
Yeah I can't wait. Yeah.
same here.
talking
to Dave.