bloom, how are you doing?
I'm doing pretty good.
Uh Yeah, they've got a kind of a weird set up here, I've got uh software that intercepts my webcam and and uh changes the background. It
basically
lets me use a blue screen on on everything, not just, you know, stuff like zoom that hasn't built in, so
uh no, this would be my fourth or fifth I guess. Uh The first one, I don't know if it counts or not, because uh things did not go well, the person I was talking to couldn't see or hear me,
but
I could see and hear them. So I sat there for five minutes while they talked with somebody else in the room about how they thought it might be some kind of psychological experiment to see how long people waited with nothing happening. It
was
it wouldn't say
it was a little creepy because she had no idea I
was, I
could see her,
but so
I'm
in
northern Nevada. Oh south Carolina. Uh
oh, getting a little Laghi there.
I grew up in charleston.
Oh, that's cool. Yeah, I was just
just a little kid when I lived there, but uh you know, who was uh
fond memories of it going out on on our little 10 ft john boat out into the river and uh going crabbing.
Uh
yeah,
what's
it?
Oh, I moved out here maybe five years ago, um charleston, I I lived there through grade school and moved away junior high, so I really don't have a great sense of the city or anything, I really remember my neighborhood well, but
well I'm now I'm living out in the middle of nowhere in the desert. My nearest neighbor is uh is almost a mile away. And uh yeah, uh just me and my dog out here.
I've been coming out here for a burning man for years and years since about 2000 and
uh, I took a bicycle trip around the world in 2012. And when I got back, I was living in Wisconsin at the time and I got back to Wisconsin, winter, lived through that and said, Wait, why did I come back here? Negative 40° winters are no
fun at all. So I, I thought about where I'd like to go and I really like desserts and I like the mountains and both of those were an option in Nevada. So I found some really cheap land out in the middle of nowhere and built a house on it.
I'm
sorry. I'm having a hard time, I'm having a hard time hearing. You do. Is there any way you can get a little closer to your microphone maybe?
Oh, that's a lot better thank you,
no problem.
yeah it's nice when I take my dog out for a walk I don't need a leash or anything, she can just run free
and chase jack rabbits and have a good old time.
She's a part black lab, part sneaky neighbor dog,
sneaky neighbor dog. She's a she's a mutt, she's a mostly black lab, her mom was a black lab. No idea who the father was.
Good
I learned a good trip. Good trick for a training jumping out of a dog when I was training my dog. Um you uh you have them on a leash and
when you go up to meet somebody else you you tell them to sit uh and then stand
on the leash so instead of the leash going up to your hand, it's going down to your foot. And if they try to jump there, pulled back down by the leash and it it helps teach them not to jump. And uh
you know and then they have to sit and stay sitting politely before they get any interaction from the person who's walked up to you. And uh when when my dog was a puppy I was worried because you know she's a lot you don't know how bigger they're going to get and I was worried she might end up being an £80 dog. So I was really careful on on training all of that. She ended up only being about 40 £50 but she's still reasonably well trained not to jump on people. So
I don't know maybe that'll maybe that will help you out. It was one of the better lessons I learned from a dog training class I took her to.
yeah it was it was definitely hard teaching her because she loves other people and loves other dogs. So at home alone I could get her to do all kinds of tricks and whatnot, but as soon as she's out with anybody else
around, she did not pay one bit of attention to me.
and
I had some neighbors in Wisconsin that had uh a german shepherd that just ended up being gigantic, the biggest german shepherd I've ever seen, I mean it was a cute cuddly puppy but uh
and they had to get a special leash for it that attached on the muzzle, on the nose is where the leash attached, so when the dog was pulling
away from them the leverage would pull its head around so it couldn't keep pulling away from them uh you know it couldn't like use its neck muscles to pull against the leash and uh you know they had to do that just because there was no
way
they could you know keep it from just going wherever it wanted to go. Uh huh
yeah get coyotes out here, a lot
of sparrows, both jack rabbits and cotton tail's lots of crows, hawks, I've seen bald eagles a few times, that's kind of neat, yeah
it's it's kind of nice here hearing at a distance the coyotes at night um it's fun hearing Powell.
neat
wild
boar wow.
I had an owl swooped down on my dog once, I think it just totally misjudged how big she was
because it
swooped down and my dog kind of looked up and barked at it and I will just like you know
did a U. Turn in midair. Yeah. Yeah.
Uh huh. How was I was almost attacked by a Hawk one morning there
was I ride my bicycle to work, I've got an electric bike and coming home in the morning I go right underneath a hawk nest and one morning I saw that there was a hawk sitting in the road in front of me. So I slowed down to get my camera out take a picture and you know because hey hawk on the ground cool and
then I saw like another one and I realized oh wait it's it's like a baby hawk it just hatched out of the nest and oh look there's mama hawk swooping over and look she's right up against the sun and she's coming towards me
out of the sun like a dive bomber from World War Two. I started yelling and waving my hands and being
all crazy.
Yeah and eventually the baby hawk moved out of the road so I could keep going straight ahead and I got out of there as fast as I could. But
yeah every every day after that it was a little nerve racking going through there because I could see the baby hawks still out practicing and eventually flying themselves. And uh mama hawk was always keeping a really close eye on me any time I came through. Uh
I mean it was their nest. I was I was intruding on it there. I mean and
you know I do not begrudge her defending her baby.
of the sparrows disappeared this summer because of all the smoke coming in from California. It got really bad here for a while. And the only ones that stayed are the ones that hatched out a little nest under the eaves of my house. There are four or five of them that I guess you know my yard is all they know And so they didn't flee Someplace else. But uh you know I used to have like 20 sparrows all the time in my yard eating at the bird feeder. And
all of them just disappeared when the worst of the smoke came through. Some of them have started to come back now. But I don't know that's uh yeah
no it's it's been good for a few weeks now. Um And it's kind of gotten into the rainy season
a bit so it's it's not as bad. Uh they've knocked down most of the fires. Um You know though you probably heard about the one that got started by the uh the folks with the uh what was that, the uh
gender announcement party or whatever gender
reveal party.
They just
last week they finally managed to completely uh you know, contain that fire 100% containment on it. It's
still,
yeah, it's still burning a little bit and apparently they're waiting until it's completely out before they charge them with anything. Uh But uh
yeah, that was that was hitting me with a big chunk of smoke for a while. It was, it was bad enough where you know, even living out in the middle of nowhere, I had to wear a mask going outside just because the, it was hard to breathe that would make me cough. Uh yeah, it's beautiful now. It's
day today. Um a little bit of clouds, but it's sunny
and and uh you know it's it's winter in Nevada so it's only getting up to 50° today.
All right. Oh yeah, I like it, it's it's higher altitude here, so I've got to like some of my recipes, I have to extend the cooking time a little bit. Um
But
Well you probably adjust to it in a couple of days um when I used to come out here for a vacation in the first couple of days, I'd have to take it easy, you know, if you're unloading the car or something like that, you get out of breath way easier than you'd expect. You know, you move two boxes and it's like okay, I need to sit down for a bit. Cool. Yeah. Yeah,
but
you get used to it pretty quick. Um Yeah, and honestly, I think I like it better than the humidity that I remember from south Carolina.
So,
Yeah, we got some weird insects around here, but the the really weird ones are pretty rare. Uh Like one time when I was out camping in the desert, I saw
tarantula, uh an actual wild tarantula walking across the road. Uh huh.
Yeah, I mean that's in five years of living here. I've only seen the one, so, you know.
I've seen scorpions maybe three times uh five years. Um Yeah, they're pretty rare. Uh They do a good job of hiding. Uh But uh the rattlesnakes or what? I don't like lots of rattlesnakes, so.
And
yeah, I haven't been seeing as many of those lately since I killed them all every time I see him the
time I see, so I'm never going to get rid of all of them. But I
figure every everyone that I get rid of his room for a non poisonous snake to move in and take the space. You know, there there are plenty of uh you know uh you know friendlier snakes that could live in the same area. Uh huh.
I have.
Uh Well it's one of the nice things I like about the winter here is I'm more free to wander around the property, it's all sage brush where I am. But the rattlesnakes like hiding under the stage brush, but in the winter they're hibernating or you know, hiding out in a den somewhere. So I don't mind hiking wherever in the summer when there's snakes around you, I stick to the roads and don't go, you know, wandering. But uh you know in the winter I can go and kind of you know uh wander around a bit more in places that normally wouldn't walk in the summer.
got a lot of fun memories of going to the beach there. We used to do that a lot in the summer when I was little and uh you know, drive out to places. I I hear the names now when people talk about them like they're big tourist traps and whatever, but my parents never took me to that. All I remember is you know the parking lot in the beach.
Yeah, I remember, you know playing in the tide pools and making sand castles and all that, That was, that was fun. Um
Nice.
Hm,
around downtown.
Hm
It
always amused me that the horses had diapers. Yeah, they had diapers for them so that, you know, they wouldn't make a mess on the streets.
probably nicer for the tourists to when you're, you know, in the fancy wagon, you know, being pulled behind it.
you mean?
I
guess I've got a giant
bridge there now. My parents were telling me about
Yeah.
Yeah, I think they did, they went over and my mom was telling me that the walls on the side were high enough so you couldn't get a sense of like the height that you were at, but
they went back a few years ago too,
God they went back a few years ago to visit friends there, so they got to explore a
bit and see how things have changed.
Yeah. Yeah, I think technically I'm still an honorary
police officer for charleston south Carolina when I was a little kid, like first or second grade, our neighbors rented out their house and apparently a bunch of criminals moved in uh
and they got guard dogs in their backyard and I'm a little kid, so I'm back there playing with their guard dogs and I see somebody sneak in and climb in their back window. So I go and tell my sister, you know, I just saw somebody break into the house next door and she's like yeah right, like I'm gonna believe that april fools because of course it was april fool's day. Eventually I convinced her and we go to a different neighbors house, we call the cops, the cops must have known something was going on because they came out in force, surrounded the whole place, had shotguns and everything.
Uh Yeah you know my parents weren't home and when I got home they you know
have no idea what was
going on but uh yeah they apparently they were dealing drugs and running prostitution out of the house and yeah and used my phone call, is there excuse to come in and bust it? Uh
So yeah then so later in the week they came in and did a little presentation at school and presented me with uh with one of those little shoulder badge things and uh
yeah my sister in junior high school was not as excited when they did the same thing for her. Uh huh.
Uh and my mom helped clean the place out afterwards and she had to basically every day call the cops again. Yeah we found another baggie of something you should come pick up. Uh
I think they probably wanted because our neighborhood was up against the marsh and had a creek that connected out to the river so
they were probably you know taking boats in up the river and up the creek to get it into the neighborhood and then distributing from there. But.
Uh yeah it was. Uh Uh huh. Uh And if they hadn't had guard dogs they would have been fine. Yeah. Uh huh.
I had no idea what was going, I mean they were just you know whoever was renting from you know my friend's house.
I was again I was 1st 2nd grade, I didn't I just knew they had moved away for a year and we're renting the place out. Have no idea what? Uh
Yeah. Uh huh. Uh Well, it looks like we've we're coming up on half an hour here. I think we're good. All right.
Hope
you're fine. I had fun.
All
good speaking with you, enjoy your, enjoy filling out your your survey,
but.