I'm good thank you. How are you?
Good. I like your background. I haven't quite figured out how to play with all that yet.
Well
you
Okay. Well that's one or it's good to connect with you today. Um I don't know what you had in mind to talk about. I just kind of been jumping on talking about anything. Is this your first conversation?
we'll
walk.
People
who was saying
Well
that
was
Oh Oh wow. Yeah
boy. Okay, so where are you um if you don't
have
yet
right. Uh you're frozen.
Okay. I think I got your back. Okay. There we go.
Uh huh. Okay, great. I used to live in charleston. I loved Ralston.
Something
more.
Well I think definitely a lot of that in terms. Yeah. Uh huh.
Uh huh.
That's
another,
how old were you when you moved out to Nevada?
yeah. You don't have the same way though. Okay. You know, lived for a while and really, really got fall in love without remember any of the rest of the small neighborhood are the ones I can remember like the back of my hand and a lot of them look similar to. I know this yeah. Same street names, same setup, same kind of stores, you know at least on the east case. Yeah. Right.
Health and how did you manage that? For
what?
I mean,
That sounds amazing. I don't know. I don't even know the west, but you know west Nevada colorado area? The
deficit.
Should have that.
good, good. Sorry about that.
No, I was saying I had been wanting to move out west for the longest. Hadn't made it out of south Carolina. I mean I've lived, you know other places outside of south Carolina. But it's like I keep coming back and yeah and haven't been any farther than texas. So I don't know. I say I want to go to like Nevada or colorado. Um maybe check out the mountains. Me and my son think about going out there a lot and um just being in the type of place where we can live, you know, a mile from our closest neighbor where we are not suitable areas. The neighbors are like right there, you know, stone
On.
Yeah. Well she loves that. What kind of dog do you have?
What's his neighborhood?
well my dog is kind of like that. He's um, he's all black, but he's uh, he's a mud, but he's got like, I think I'm lab in him. He's got the blue tongue, not lab, but God chow in a blue tongue. And his winter for it can get pretty thick. But I know he's mixed because he's short. He's got a body like a wiener dog. Like a lab or some other box face dogs. I don't know what he is either but I never heard that term. Those sneaky neighbor done. I understand now. I don't know what my um what my dogs, mom or dad looked like. He was given to me by a family member and He's been with us now for probably about four years. So yeah hadn't quite got the hang of I guess um training him so he's outside and he's still wild and he still thinks he's a puppy
and he still jumps with you. He's a piece of work.
One.
that's
Hello?
fancy.
they it'll work. I'm definitely gonna further. I never thought about that though. I would definitely try that film.
don't
Excuse me fucking
brilliant to myself. Does this thing where would you smaller? Um He was really bad about jumping on people but I didn't know how much bigger he was going to get so I would just kind of hold the leash in my hand, you know, just praying that he doesn't run off. He hadn't gotten figured. Although like I said at this point I think he's pretty much full grown but he's short and long so I'm kind of grateful for that because of his personality. If he were a big dog we would have all, well he would be so much trouble, but yeah, I guess he's okay to have around though. Yeah.
Well
Or
or
or
and taking them with it. Right. So uh, I mean, so do you have any other wildlife out there?
It's
Okay.
Yeah, I would like that too. But I'm like, you, you know, the more the distance, the point I want to be able to walk across the winners and seeing on the, on the flip out, you know, hundreds and hundreds of thousands of yards away. But yeah, I really enjoy the wildlife to, we get um, we get the red tail fox is here we get white tails.
Um, get the deer and the rabbit and what else? We've got wild boars here? Black
bear.
From what I understand the board population is really bad around here and I didn't expect that, but gratefully I haven't run up on any herds of them, you know, something uh, um, what else? I want to say? We've seen a hawk here and there but we don't get to see the eagles. Um I think we had with sparrows, the cardinals, the blue jays and we've got the the buzzards, the big black and that's yeah that's about it but they get pretty big to one year. I was scared for my daughter because I thought they were gonna carry him away. F. E. He survived
all
different.
No.
I'm glad that it was larger though because it was in there. They did not it was so crazy to watch them and the things they picked up the time actually mental size So it can be pretty scary. I don't even like if there's a swarm of about 20-30 of them, I don't like being by myself because I think they could easily probably pick me up to and I don't want to find out.
No.
Holy
we're
involve
me completely or exactly what I would do to
on people.
It was mm thank you mama they are vicious of even really vicious birth surprised me. Really.
well
Whoa I have to do with this yeah that's a few different animals you know had babies they were watching over or maybe were injured or something like that. I'm a animal lover. Um But you just you can't really blame them you know when they feel like they're in danger and when they when they want to protect themselves and their babies because we're the same way you know and they have better things than we do. Well. Yeah.
what wow.
We are still that smoke
or?
Well
I
do it. Oh
complex.
in this
market
Long
All of right.
the
Well I guess we'll actually I feel for me because our winters here we'll get every now and then we make it below But for the most part are highs are about 20-30 in the dead of one and I don't like that. So a highest 50 in the winter for me would be just perfect. That's the thing I was looking at coming out there because y'all got the weather too from what I understand.
I
don't know any of that means I probably burn everything or almost everything. I probably passed out from hiking where I don't know anything about the air and all sorts of craziness and you must be like the first two months.
yeah told
to
yeah that is what I want you here. That's the only thing I don't really like and the guts to come with it. I don't like mosquitoes that don't like all the spiders, all the water buds, giant flying road to um the grasshoppers and the crickets. They don't bother me much. The lizards don't bother me much. Just for the most part, it's the mosquitoes, it's not just for me. I hate them. They travel now in swarms.
Um Yeah, and you'll walk outside and get bit like maybe 10 15 times in a span of about two minutes and you can see the clouds of them sometimes. So we hadn't been enjoying outside quite as much here. Well, we've just started I'll put it like that because winter started here. Uh huh. The Knights have been you know, mid thirties to low fifties In the mornings. Likewise, and then during the day maybe about 70, so it's not too bad. Mhm.
All
No
this is one of many. And go the other way out. Move what fighters? I got bit by um ironically a spider that's native to south Carolina. The brown recruit the big um You really messed video services and I'm like I was scared of him before but now I'm completely terrified and just tarantula, it wouldn't be good. Mhm.
Mhm. Yeah. I don't want
to use
who?
Thanks.
I have three. I prefer a different son any day. It makes. No no
no. Just not want about with wildlife. It takes maybe about two or 3 incidents for me to just forfeit a whole year. Going back outside there will be no hiking. Yeah.
That people, yeah I prefer being cooler. Um And you know not only the snakes left active um You know we got the insects down here that are pretty much non existent in the one or two. So that's another reason why wait until it gets colder. But I from that we usually would go out of town went to the mountains or something if we wanted to do any hiking or camping. Another thing that it was the beat. But they started on with the well they didn't start the sand gnats I guess came into the beaches last couple of years. So we haven't been going well about the plane. Land heights and the mountain hikes are about all we do anymore. We wouldn't really miss the coastline at all. And um I don't know the cold temperature I don't think would bother me too much because all you end up you know the the highs of the day I think.
You are
that's what good they a lot of stuff lights on. Well we want to be treated the pavilion with trust and the you know the battery but they added restaurants and stores and stuff. And even from me going like a decade ago, it's a lot different now than it was then. So. And they are to be honest like South Carolina I guess it would be considered a tourist industry. It's gone up a lot. It's like South Carolina I think made the top 10 for the nation when you're back. Yeah.
Like what I was like, wow, okay. And I think it was charleston.
So I'm and I'm used to that because it's been considered a tourist attraction since I lived there and that was What, 99 2000. But I can only imagine now you know how much they're making with um blue green, the resort that they did when I went down there? Um like a resort um from what I understand, I don't know if they do that characterize anymore, but I know they
they were saying something about the cobblestone and the horses, I think it was probably about five years back and
they were reducing them or they cut them out for a while
you
Oh yeah that that was had going down there for a long time supposedly so clean, you know how could it possibly be? It's a bag of course, but I guess more better than than just dropping it wherever. Yeah.
absolutely. You don't have that direct. I love you Remember the time when they didn't have them though and I remember seeing a time one and you to be had. But it's always been good though. I've always loved charleston. It
was nice ever since I first went there. I fell in love with that place. All the palm trees. It just it looked it looked bigger and more important than south Carolina. You know. It did, it really did. It made me feel like I was living someplace like California or something. It
was
or
yes, I hate that bridge jumping off of a horror movie. It's so big. Oh my goodness. But it had to replace the old window because I remember driving across the old one and you're moving. I mean you can have a new one too, but it's I guess it's just figure out a little more security maybe. Mhm. You
said your parents told you about the bridge that they go over it.
That would drive me crazy too. I think.
What's that?
Well,
well, mhm. I won't go back across that bridge I want to go across not being able to see. It's gonna bug me just as much as being able to see. Yeah.
Well
No.
All wrong.
What?
Well?
welcome
right. You got a kick out of that? That sounds uh
he was it's cool for her with me.
He's doing narcotic cleanup in forensic. Mm hmm.
I don't want
Oh, it's crazy.
run with me? Right. Yeah. Crazy. You probably have no idea how much crime is our Yeah.
How is the old friends? I mean they own the property and they just live spoil pretty nice.
Look there. Well, hey, you did your duty.
it was
great.
I just it was very, very funny. You know
it was.
You thank you.