All right, sorry about that. Yeah
my
wife I decided to go out right when I started.
but
pretty good. We could
we start at 204? Yeah.
All
Uh In Virginia. Norfolk Virginia.
Never.
it's
on the very
coast.
It's like by chess defeat in the Chesapeake bay.
I can walk to the water right now.
Um The beach is probably 10 or 15 minutes to drive but I I can walk to like um like an inlet where I can fish and kayak and stuff
you
know?
Hello?
Hi Sarah. I'm Logan. Where are you from?
All
I was born in el paso. I'm gonna put these on. Yeah.
like three months remember
anything?
My dad was in the military like this sucker.
Mhm. Students can you hear me?
So Yeah. Uh My dad was in the military, started in texas and um hawaii Virginia.
Back to hawaii north Carolina, California Virginia. Yeah
Logan. Yeah.
Yeah. Kind of well traveled yeah.
Just
kind
of been
out of
the country. Um, Probably hawaii. I didn't appreciate it. Um as much
as I should have because I was like
12. And I was like, there's nothing to do except go to this beautiful, crystal clear beach all the time.
Allahu, basically the main kind of were handled it is on the other side of Honolulu other side of the island.
No,
I have, but I'm not married. Not
married
there.
No, no, I do have a girlfriend. We've been together for uh 7.5 years.
Probably get married.
Yeah.
Dude,
time. Yeah. Are you married?
How
long were you together before you got
married?
Who commitment?
Shelly,
We'll probably get married soon.
Talking about baby
escape.
I'm 26 she's 25.
Yeah, she was 18 and I was 19. Make the math work child.
Yeah 77 half something
like
that.
We worked at a thrift store.
that was good. Good times. First story.
No not
very
successful.
Uh We both are just delivery drivers on the apps so we're like, you know like Grubhub Doordash. Um
Yeah it's better than having a boss that's for sure. We uh well I bought this
little apartment um I worked at domino's for three years like 67 days a week till two o'clock in the morning, saved up 50 grand. I bought this
little place cash so
we don't have like a mortgage or rent or anything and we just work when we want. We have enough money and all that. Buy
house in.
Money is pretty good on the apps. It's like 20 to 30 bucks an hour, depending on what time you're working.
Sometimes.
More than that. No boss
is key
premium.
How long have you been doing? Prolific?
You
think?
the last
lady I spoke to as an anti person.
That's funny
video
etc. What do you sell on Etsy?
I don't
know.
I don't know. I was thinking like photographs, you draw your an artist.
Damn
I'm just like, so there's some weird interesting surveys I like taking on here. Some guy, one of the guys I talked to, he you know mturk
and
they have
like the amazon version of this. He was saying like he um he took a survey and he was
uploading pictures of his feet for money.
this is
here
too. But I have no idea that they're using this for how they pair people up. I have a theory that it's like political affiliations,
I
guess
this is my fifth one. Everyone seems
to be very, um strongly convictions with their political ideologies. Either 11 end or the other end. It's been very interesting.
It's every other time, it's either
stuff that I'm into are completely opposite, but I get along with all the people
this
yeah. The lady I spoke to last was very, very, very, very um, on one side and I was trying to tell her, you know, I think more people have agreements in the middle of the spectrum than they think, but she didn't want to say that, she said no, no, no that's not. I said all
trump guy trump,
I don't think you are going to be there.
I
look, I look very that
way. The last lady she said, she um, she sells
protest
signs on that scene. I was like, um, have
you
considered
selling any like trump stuff to double your money? I didn't tell her what I was. And she said no, no, that goes against my convictions. So mm hmm.
So
this is actually
proving my point. So the last one is completely the opposite. And this one's I am. Yeah.
What do you mean more
is this? You said this is your first one? Okay. Yeah. So at the end of this, you're going to take this kind of a long. It's
like 20 minutes typing. It's not that bad. You can get it done pretty quick, I guess. But at the end of that, it'll say, do you want to do this again? And you say yes. And then it'll give you a date and then like a schedule and they'll find someone like I just
do it
the next
day at the same time every day and they always
have somebody already sometimes. Um People don't show up though set you just wait five minutes, they give you like about 50 and then you
exit
out,
you you reschedule on that one too. Yeah. Yeah.
It's very interesting, very interesting.
the and when she started saying um she she was kind of strange, she was like I was
signing people up to vote. Yeah
some everyone that came up to her that was a trump supporter was homeless or low income and so I was like uh I was like I do look kind of homeless and she's like oh I do like warren and she said no no no not like that. It was saying all trump
supporters are homeless and degenerates.
Have you been to any rallies?
I said
No,
no.
He
is very
and
it's
pretty much actually home. I
know what you
mean.
The rally was actually so fun. I went with my brother who is not a trump guy and he had a blast like everyone was
like super happy
and like smiling. The energy was very positive, it was very different. I'd go to my brother, we've gone with my brother too all the rallies, so we've been to bite more in Bernie and trump just because we like to analyze the people basically and just kind of get a vibe and all the other ones were very creepy and low energy.
I
got
interview by the news on the war in one they're like what are you doing here? Just I'm
just here
for the shit show, I'm the interview last one truck.
Uh No, they've all been in my city in Norfolk. Um at like the democratic ones are like high schools and stuff. But the trump won was like an airport hangar and there were like thousands of people there. It was crazy.
And
we watched
we watched
them fly away on there. What's that?
We're
like
50%.
Yeah. Actually
there the Bernie one was
just a bunch of kids. The war in one was kind of like older women. The biden one was a lot of old folks.
And then the trump one was just all kinds of people. Like I was surprised to see uh the diversity. They're like a lot of asian people. I was like, that's cool. There's,
you know, it's not it's not what they say it is in the media, you know, They were already
they
Yeah, I can't I can't I can't say that I am in my
neighborhood.
People put signs up and then they
get
stuck. I saw someone put it in a trash can. Yeah. It's crazy.
It's like
crazy.
Yeah. I like, I like being, being able to get along with anybody.
There's a, I saw a website yesterday. There's like, um, it's, it's a map
out view of everyone that's donated to trump. It's kind of like, it's
kind of sketchy.
Like it shows their addresses
and everything on a map, like little needles everywhere. I was actually surprised to see how many people in my neighborhood were. Donators. Very interesting.
There's no signs or anything, but there's people don't several thousands of dollars. It's crazy.
I'm gonna grab a water one second.
Not
me.
I've never taken a poll in my life.
Good.
What?
Take it observation.
I do like the political ones. They're interesting.
It seems
like they try to come up with some kind of they're trying to piece things together. They might not necessarily be, I don't know, some interesting.
wait,
Do
you
think there needs to be more diversity in the workplace forced diversity is kind of racist, but if you say no, then you're a racist. Weird.
Yeah. Trying to get my 50 cents.
Um I think he's going to be now. I think them tim
got
there. But the guys blowing leaves outside. It's too
late.
I actually have two brothers, well, once my half brother, but I don't really see him like that. Basically my whole brother both are older than me. Okay.
Um now my middle brother, the one that's just a little older lives, just a city away in Chesapeake and then the other one is in Jacksonville north Carolina. and that's where my mom lives as well.
But
No,
no.
no.
Oh yeah, my daddy.
Um Yeah, close
to my mom, to an extent, my parents are both a mess. My dad lives in ITaly and he's a government contractor and he decided that he was going to tell my mom that he was gay after 27 years of marriage. Yeah, so I am not supposed to exist. Yeah, I don't know how I exist, but he um
when I turned 18,
he was
dating
an 18 year old from my school in my senior class. And uh so that was weird. Yeah,
that's fucked.
No, but disturbing.
And so I had to move out of there. My reputation was tarnished. I don't really talk to him. Yeah.
Weird guy.
20 married,
2020 25 I think maybe something like that
lot of time since I was 18 at that time, that was over, So
I've
been
basically
yep, disturbing.
No, no one believes that. Yeah, it's very shocking.
I fell
back
to my mom and yeah, kind of, my mom is basically like an alcoholic, so that's kind of why I don't I don't know if she knew or not. She said she didn't, but like that's maybe subconsciously she knew. Yeah. Crazy
stuff. Crazy stuff from the prolific survey.
I'm fine. Like it's just weird to me. My brother, my older brother was he was pretty messed up about it still, he's like enough drinking and not so not as not as put together.
No, the middle one is the Yeah, he's a little struggling right now. I'm trying to help him, bought him a car,
paying his rent sometimes.
no, no, no. You know, it's not so bad. Doing all right. Yeah,
I'm
alive.
kind of, her parents are divorced too, and we just heard we've just been taking care of ourselves.
You know.
yeah.
Um um, I have two options that I've made for myself. There's um, do you know the ghost kitchen is basically, it's a, you get a commercial kitchen, you rent one or build one somewhere in a warehouse and you um, you have a chef or two and you have all the delivery services
and you
don't have a dining, there's no dining, there's no waiters, door person and all that. So you cut a lot of the
overhead on that and you just, you just deliver through, there's like six different delivery services. Either that or there's a program with amazon. Uh, it was on DSP, which is, you need 30,000 liquid capital right
halfway there. And you basically are a partner with amazon to deliver their packages. And you you hire some people and
least
there vans and you can make 75
to 300,000 year, depending on how well you do on that. Yeah,
probably
the ghost kitchen.
I like, I probably could, but I don't know if I got bored with it. I'd probably hire somebody if I was making enough
money.
No, I've been I've been experimenting just all kinds of stuff. I've I like the idea of like indian pizza, but that sounds kind of weird. People might not like that. Like Tikka masala for the sauce and like go cheese and on a I can't think
of the word
on a non.
All right. Yeah. Yeah. Bacon wrapped asparagus, stuff like that.
She
itself
it's a good combo.
I got I got to find the right
market.
that's a good idea. Right. Yes.
Series.
True. Yeah Get to that as soon as possible. Yeah.
she
will.
She will start in this. Yes.
probably. No. No. Yeah.
Not that I want to see where that goes.
Blistering headache. I did not have my coffee
looking
how
yeah. Not feeling good.
Gotta get it.
Got to get some coffee but we've
made it. I think we made it little guy. Uh Yeah sorry
about being late
to
make sure you do the survey at the end
and then rescheduled for the next one meaning
you
sarah
good luck with
the etc.
How do we go? What?
Bye