mhm. Okay, mm hmm. Mhm. It's how do you feel that you want to play? Thank you. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Oh, hey, how are you?
good. We're both early. Yeah. So what's your name
jay? I'm matt nice to meet
you.
Yeah. Where are you from?
Okay, marvelous. Where Oregon state? Uh North Carolina.
Yeah. Very, very far. It's getting late here actually. Uh I just like I was lucky
and
I just happened to check my email like an hour ago and I guess otherwise I would have, I would have forgotten about it. Uh
Have you, have you been on prolific long
talk?
Have you been on prolific a long time?
Oh yeah. Pretty good for uh, earning a little bit of.
non monster kind of better than others. Uh but like since the covid started, like my income on that has really gone up because there's been so many like surveys for that. Yeah.
what, what
did you say?
Okay, what what, Yeah.
Here, is that okay? Yeah. In the job market now
or?
okay. Yeah. Do you uh do you want to stay and or again or you want to?
in a sense, yeah, I guess that's where most of the jobs are.
I work of in a small business. Uh We do options and estate sales and e commerce. Uh So I've been doing that about five years. Um It's not what I want to, it's a school for, I didn't major business, I just kind of just kind of fell into it. Uh
Yeah, it's just it's just where life takes you sometimes. Uh
Right. Yeah, we do that. Yeah, we did all uh amazon e bay uh facebook marketplace somewhat as well, so, and that the e commerce side has actually been better uh during covid the cells like for that, I've gone up a lot, but you know, we had to we couldn't do any auctions or anything like that for a couple of months. So how how is the situation with the virus? Uh like?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Here, yeah, we're not as bad as uh like Arizona or texas or somewhere, but we're not as good as uh some other states either, thankfully that I live in a pretty rural area population, so like my county, uh it's not like it's not too bad, you're thankfully. Yeah.
Yeah. Right. Right. Yeah, I normally like to travel, but like, I don't have any interests right now, I'm going to or anything like that, so.
On the east coast, it's uh between like florida and new york, kind of halfway between the two. You've never been? Where have you been up? Like the East Coast?
Yeah. So I don't blame you.
Yeah. So did you go to Oregon state for undergrad?
And you don't?
Yeah, like Corvallis?
Right, that's true. Good point. Good morning. Uh I've been to, I've been to Portland, but I haven't been to a poor balance before, so I like, I like
I like the Northwest. Uh I like the climate, I kind of like it's not as hot as it is here, and I like all the big forests uh and all that. It seems like a nice place to live well. Yeah.
Yeah, kind of kind of similar to here.
Uh So do you have like a preference for like where you want to work or like your specialty within computer science, or?
I did this site user testing, you know what?
it's
uh it's for testing like it's like really interesting to me like just to see prototypes of uh designs and so forth. Uh huh.
For like a self directed test. Like kind of like a
prolific, it's like $10 a test. Uh But then if you do like a video interview where your ball through a prototype with the U. S. Like researcher, It pays either $30 for 30 minutes or 60. Yeah
or $60 for an hour. Uh And like the more you do like if you did like the more highly ready you get the work to get. Uh So it's like a pretty good little side income and you make more money than like prolific.
Yeah. It's definitely worth it. Absolutely. Uh It's just it's sort of like prolific though and that uh a lot of the tests though they're looking for like really specific equal. The screeners are really tough sometimes. That's kind of like the the only annoying kind of part about it.
Like depending on the timing though, it's so annoying. Like I just like get up and like go get a drink or something to come back. You know, I meant like a dollar survey or something like but uh huh Because I mean, you know, I know most of them only pay like a dollar or so, but I mean over the money kind of adds up. Right?
Yeah. Well I was like doing one for Covid and it's like Once a week or every two weeks and it's like 10 hours. So that's like help me this month like really earned just a little. I figure like a little for like the whole month if I can at least like pay my internet bill. But that
yeah, that's what I make off prolific. I figured it's time well spent. So uh what do you like to do for fun when you're away from studying?
Yeah, because we have, we have mountains of north Carolina, they're not anywhere nearly as big as uh like colorado or somewhere, but I mean if they are really pretty hikes and there are a lot of waterfalls and stuff like that, so it's pretty fun. Uh Yeah, I like doing, it's good to just get away from the phone, a computer screen and
uh around nature. Uh
Exactly. So,
so do you feel like you've kind of coked pretty well during covid or you just ever
Right. Right. Are you, are you required to wear a mask? Uh
that's something joe.
Mhm. Right. Right. I've tried
her.
How big
am I in my area? Um Well we started a mandate with the mask like on friday finally and people
yeah, friday finally
it is
um and the mask like usage has increased a lot since friday, but before that when I would go like to the grocery store, Like at most maybe like 20% of people would be wearing then it's really frustrating, I always
try to wear like when I'm going inside somewhere, it kind of felt like a waste of time wearing one because the other people were wearing them.
thankfully,
thankfully people are paying more attention now to it and but I did wonder like why they, why they didn't do this like in april or may, I think it would have made a lot more sense. Uh
they prefer. Oh wow, okay.
You are. Do you know anyone who's had,
do you know anyone who's had covid
a little Uh huh. I'm not certain people who had
Yeah. One person I know who hadn't recovered it was like no big deal at all. And then my cousin added he was actually in the hospital for it. Well that was pretty serious. Uh Like most younger people know they've all like, you know, they find even if they had a all
I think I think it's eight and then like you're sort of existing health conditions Because one of the other people I know who had it, is there like in their 60s and they have heart problems already and that's why they had to go in the hospital. So I think if you're
if you're generally kind of poor health already, I think it's probably a lot more dangerous than if you're younger and don't have any existing health problems. I think. Uh
I think we're just just for I mean life here. For the most part it's not two different now. There's some stuff being closed. But I mean everybody is just ready for it too to go back to normal. But I don't think we'll have normal until we have a vaccine or something like that. Probably. Mhm.
Yeah. It'll still be different. Yeah, I agree
with.
Mhm. Yeah, I agree with you. It will have a like life used to be. But. Oh have you have you traveled
much like either within the U. S. Or around the world?
So.
And
You should you have a favorite or?
my uncle, he uh he went to graduate school with the richest guy in India. Uh
What's that, Lukash? Uh
But yeah.
I remember seeing pictures of that.
I
guess. Uh Yeah, so yeah you try to go back to India fairly often or?
Okay, what is, how bad is the heat? Because I've heard it's like really
well?
Mhm. I remember saying, I guess it was by uh
like before and after pictures of Covid with solution. Like what a start
address.
Isaka. Okay. And is it Mumbai that used to be Bombay? Right.
Okay. Alright. Trying to remember, you know, a little bit of indian. Yeah, it matters.
Yeah, I've been to Canada also I've been to Mexico a couple of the islands in the caribbean and then I've been to the UK uh
uh within the UK Scotland. Uh Yeah, I love I love I like history. Uh I love the old castles and going up to the highlands, I think it's one of the most beautiful places in the world. Um, I don't like that, I like think there really is, I mean even uh like july and august, it can be cold and raining parson Oregon I guess. Yeah. But yeah, I mean, I like that even though, I mean obviously, even though I speak english trying to, and like
big accent, like I really had to concentrate kind of on what they were saying.
How do you speak english and hindi,
what else do you speak?
You just make sense for it? Really?
no.
Is it difficult to learn as, I think it probably is or?
Is there is there like a big difference between all of the languages it
is
or?
Do you try to like uh when you're living here to
try to speak in your native language is just to say you don't like forget anything?
But Uh huh. Oh yeah.
Trying to wondering how much time we have.
So what
I don't have any problems with the getting the money. Uh I was Yeah
Right. Uh uh so what did like you did you have to do like a master's thesis or Masters like big project?
Project Yeah.
yeah, she is a long time to say.
Yeah and then finding a job in academia as
it was very difficult.
You have you have you entered anywhere internship
where?
Yeah okay that wasn't like that Seattle or?
Okay. Yeah. Uh couple months ago I still have like all of my old computers And I was able to get one of them working and it's it's bad. Windows 95 on it.
It was fun to play around with very low, but there was a lot of nostalgia playing with that a little bit. Yeah,
I
don't
I guess maybe like They even service like Windows 2000 or Windows Millennium anymore,
thanks to
you.
So.
Okay, do you do you prefer like Pcs or Macs?
okay.
and I'm not like not smart enough probably to get a degree in computer science, but like most computer problems I can handle myself usually. Yeah,
I had to take it into like a repair shop or anything like that.
Yeah, like I've been able to like before like upgrade the RAM and the hard drive, like they're all that on my uh for them as part.
I know,
I know a little bit of html but that as far as programming languages go, that's a battle on uh
Yeah. one of my friends, like he works uh mhm. It looks like the national weather service, but like he got like a big raise because he learned python, right?
They were desperate to find somebody like to do it with no python, so you just like took the time to learn it. And he just said like there's all these like
over like, I guess programming languages that a lot of younger people I guess don't necessarily know. So if you can like admit language to study, you can do well.
So
yeah. Do you think because you're doing
conflict if you wanted to, which you have the option somewhere like to probably like work remotely? Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I was really like google had already said they were going to do it like through
the end of the year.
Yeah. That's a great for a lot of people and you have to send the traffic
every day and all that.
And I do agree with you. Yeah. Are you uh are you prepared for the really high cost of living in san Francisco?
All
one
of the worst
places in the country just for life rental, everything.
Uh huh. All right. So I guess for uh
you know, if then I did one of these before uh like six months ago and it was good also.
And that like that person I talked to that was fun. Like it's been fun talking to you too. So I was worried that like I was
somebody like we would have nothing to talk about
rebound. Just like forever. Have a very awkward.
Yeah. Yeah. It's good. So learn a quick $15 just to have fun. Uh one That's pretty good. So do you do you live alone or you have roommates?
Yeah. Are they computer science also
work?
And
Oh, is that I was trying I was trying to think is uh isn't cricket the biggest sport?
Yeah. Right. I thought so. I was trying to remember, right? Because I'm a sports fan, but that's one sport that I know like very uh it was interesting, but I just I don't know the rules. All
I
grounds asked me about that and they try to get me to explain it to them. And I mean there are just so many rules that don't even play traffic and played it take for it or so. And I like international soccer or Uh
Yeah. Yeah. That's universe. So everybody knows. Uh But I need to learn I'm trying to learn more about other sports as well, but Kirk is just a little intimidating.
I just see some of the scores and they just don't make any sense to me. They really get into it like in the university
and versus
Okay. Try sometime then. Uh
All right. Well,
All
to talk to you and uh, good luck on the job market and everything. All
All right. Take care. Okay.