I'm good. How are you?
jay?
man,
nice to meet you.
I'm from Oregon Corvallis here.
north Carolina. It's too far.
The
trailer,
We were sleeping time for you guys. Yeah,
I'm
sorry.
Uh, I started in March when I graduated, so at that time I started
Poseidon come. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, and I'm doing the same thing, like, uh, I'm graduated in March, so after that I don't have anything to do. So Why Not? This 1?
Thanks.
Oh, I did my masters here.
And computer Science.
not
yet. So I'm looking for the job and applying everywhere. So let's see how it goes because of covid, like most of the companies are not uh starting the interview process as of now, so let's see how it goes. Yeah,
I'm thinking to move to san Francisco or California somewhere. Yeah,
Yeah. What about you? What you're doing?
But that's cool.
So it's like your online e commerce website?
over here, so over here it's pretty good like as compared to other states, like in Oregon we have I think Around 600 I guess 600 or 700 cases. But yeah I know like in Washington and in California, it's it's pretty huge.
then it's good like if it's a bigger area, like a bigger cities and everything then uh it's terrible over there.
Let's go. And then not Carolina is uh about florida right? Exactly about florida, right?
Oh I east coast I've been to New Jersey new york, but I haven't been to downside fill florida, I have to I want to go and that's it. But after this Covid I don't think so we can move anywhere now.
Yeah that was my plan. Like after graduation I wanted to move everywhere like other states, but uh not expected this.
Yeah I did mine look at here and then I did my masters. I
know it's pretty long time.
Uh now I don't have options have to be here.
Well it's
it's uh this area is like at the middle, not too hard, not too cold. And we don't have a lot of snow in December. I guess we get 2-3 inch of snow. That's it. Mhm.
Oh but rain, Yeah, entire year. You will get a rain sometimes. Yeah, it's unpredictable. Yeah.
I usually work on the front and side, so like how to design a user interface and everything, so that's my specialty here. 100.
Oh I heard about it but I haven't tested, I haven't used
that one.
How is it like? Uh.
huh.
that's cool,
that's pretty good. I have to try that. Yeah.
what I did have installed the chrome extension, have you used that? Yeah, so that's pretty good like uh you get a notification, you don't have to sit and watch like when you will get a study and it would be
we get this type of uh So like more than $10 or $5 here, Otherwise it's like one or 2, that's it.
that's true
mm I like to hiking and everything like hiking and traveling, so most of the time yeah over here in Oregon there's a lot of hiking places so that's pretty good.
yeah that's true.
No for nothing no network will be there. Uh huh.
No. Yeah
Over here I didn't feel like uh is there any change because everybody's roaming around and uh yeah the major problem is like restaurants are closed, all the shopping dropping and all the stores are closed, that's it. Other than that like everybody is roaming around but people are keeping their distance is so that's good.
Uh Yeah if you go to shopping and everything then yeah but otherwise if you are going around like uh you know on the roadside or you're walking on the sidewalk then it's not mandatory
but you have to keep a distance of six point, that's it,
how
is it in Caroline?
I was in new york and yeah.
On friday
Oh that's a pretty long time
and
that's true,
But it's for our safety so we
have to do that.
in Oregon they started I think then I proved first. Yeah,
so from that time everyone is following all the rules from the state government which so they given the guidelines to all the restaurants and all the grocery stores and everyone so based on that their humanity.
I'm sorry.
No, not as of now.
But yeah I heard like uh east coast like majority uh population is contracted to this uh disease and everything.
do you think it's based on it like uh.
Yeah, that's true.
Let's see how it goes.
But this normal will be different
I
think Until 2-3 years at least we have to face this. Even if you have a vaccine then also we have to make sure that.
No.
So
I traveled like country wants. So I've been to Canada
India and do very and then paris and then us. Yeah.
Uh favorite is India because of food here to and then.
cool
I'm burning.
Yeah he lives just three blocks away from my house so I have a house in Mumbai and uh he just lives two blocks away from my house.
His village is huge here,
Angela.
Yeah and so every year at least one trip.
Oh yeah it's uh so right now in India it's a rainy season. So in
India how climate is? It's like uh every season stay for four months, so four months for rain and another four months for uh heat and another four months for winter. So in uh when it's in mamba and we don't get that much of hate because uh it's uh near to the ocean But roughly you can get around 90 or 100 for an idea.
Mhm.
pollution.
So uh I guess you have seen daily because pollution rise deli is more more polluted city than member.
it seems like most of the people I think even I don't remember correctly but it was a Bombay when I think british was there and after that they changed it to Mumbai. Yeah.
Uh huh. Where you been? Have you been to any other countries?
Which one is your favorite?
Yeah that's called distraction.
I know you know what are my friends uh who was from Scotland and he came here to Oregon state for doing his PhD and my office in uh university uh we just sit beside and in our office and uh on my first day when he started talking I was like what he's talking, I don't understand anything like this language. His tone is different than the keeper. Like the pronunciation is different entirely different. Were able to keep that attention to what he's saying.
Yeah I speak I think 123 or foreign languages.
I speak uh english in the Gujarati marty and Son script.
Yeah not well but kind of I can understand that. I can talk yeah but in writing
I don't know anything.
So I did my uh my schooling in India. So till uh 10th grade we have to learn every language is so my mother tongue is got so I have to speak that language at home. So uh I know from home that language and uh I was living in Bombay and Mumbai come center Maheras frustrated. So in that so if you go in India if you travel one state to another state then language will be changed. So all of India all indians will speak Hindi. But if you go to other States then their States will have their own languages. So in that way I have to learn mara Moradi and hindi is like all indian language. So we have to learn and since it was in my school so everyone here also.
If
I can say
like hindi, Hindi, Sanskrit and Barati all are similar but which are these little bit different here. Uh huh.
Great.
Yeah I have to so I would call my dad and mom and they are here right now but previously they were in India and so most of the relatives are in India. So we have to talk and we have a big like a huge family. So if you just make a call to everyone then you you need at least one week.
Mm.
I think till our time was seven o'clock, so at least till 7 25. We have to talk.
Yeah. Yeah, just for five minutes and one minute extra step aside if they
Just be on the safe state.
I did it with the project.
I don't want to go in a PhD. So if you want to go into the PSP then you have to go without CCS. Okay.
I know it's like uh at least you have to spend six years, at least six years. Yeah.
And stuff.
Mhm. So life long you have to learn new things if you drink PST.
Yeah, I did my internship.
So uh at Microsoft? Yeah, in Washington, it's just the next week.
Yeah, it's in Seattle Bellevue.
Oh, Windows 95. That's pretty old.
Yeah, that's very good. Because I don't think so when Microsoft will support that, even if
you call
them like I have been no sex so that they will hang up. Yeah.
Uh I don't think so. Probably the last one will be
Window
seven. No experience also gone. Yeah, so
I think Windows seven Probably they will be supporting Windows seven.
Yeah, I prefer Mac, but I have to use Windows over there because Microsoft don't use my continues. Yeah.
In Windows you have a lot of options and it's confusing when you have a lot of option. Yeah.
that's really good like
You don't have to take that. Yeah.
frankly speaking this degree like computer science degrees and everything is a waste of money. If you just open internet and just type it, you can learn everything whatever you want
and
But you can nowadays you can learn languages quickly. Like in one or two weeks you can start programming.
Yeah, it's booming right now.
All
that's true.
It depends like on a company basis like what they prefer and based on that they can give you money.
All right.
So in cultural sense, I think majority of the companies right now working remotely and they don't have a pay cut or anything else, everything is running smoothly.
What?
Yeah, even google and twitter now that for the rest of the life they are going offline sorry, remote. So if you want to come to the office then welcome if you don't want to then it's okay, that's fine.
work.
But I think going to offices good idea because then you interact with people and
Yeah. As of now I I'm not expecting anything to
september, let's see what
happens.
But
but I'm ready to go anywhere. It's also I have made a video open as
one or 2 minutes.
Like this like a video call Oh
I can tell you
nothing to say.
But it was quick.
I have a room right here. Yeah.
No, no,
no, no, none of them are from comparisons. one is in uh adding psychologic and the other one,
it's not stealing. He's doing the job. No, I think he started something but he dropped it and now he's full times of year
in India. Yeah.
If you don't know the rules, then it's it's not interesting anything. Even for me when I came here uh when they discovered uh football over here
uh us Good World. I didn't understand anything like what they're doing and anything.
That's that's pretty cool. Everyone will we know about that. Yeah.
I know.
they will.
There's a lot of rules. So you have to watch I think at least 7-8 match. And after that I think you will understand something.
I think, yeah, we can go up. That's
28 Year
next to talk to.
You, too.