Hey, how are
you?
I hear you. I just can't see you too. I can only see the top half of you. There you go. Mhm And I'm sorry
if I keep looking to the side because I am watching my baby and seeing if he's going to sleep. Yeah.
Yeah, I know. I'm like they asked, you know when when are you available and like I'm only available at 3:00. So I hope someone else's because the only naps you know at three. So I'm like, I hope he goes to sleep and I hope he cooperate. Mm
that's true. But yeah, I would be distracted. I had a zoom call this morning.
Oh yeah, I had a zoom call and he was sitting on my lap tap like hitting the keyboard and I had to mute myself because I was like this is not gonna work and I was just listening because I couldn't talk at all. But yeah, how are you?
I'm doing okay. Yeah. How are you holding up with all the weird stuff going on?
true.
Oh, I know. I know. Same thing. My husband what this giant barbecue sauce. I have no idea why. Like he was like, afraid we would run out of barbecue sauce. I'm like, babe that walking up it in the fridge, it barely fits in the fridge. And I'm like, what are we gonna make with this barbecue sauce? Like I only use barbecue sauce like once every few weeks. Like Now
I have to come up with recipes that include barbecue sauce and like this is crazy. So
you
go
every 12
days.
Oh no, I know. I need to go so bad to Costco and I'm dreading it because they're making you wait outside, You know, to get inside because they don't want so many people in there, but it's like 95° where I am. So I'm like I don't want to stand outside and he, you know like for who knows how long and then shop and then try to get home in time for you know to take care. I have two
kids.
I know. I know. I know. I'm thinking like should I bring like uh like a water bottle and like a hat? Like I'm like I have to like get stopped up before I go. I'm like, I don't know. I'm like could I just find what I need somewhere else? Maybe I should just avoid it for like another month. You know? Because I haven't gone, I haven't gone in two months. So I've made it this long without Costco. I mean I go to walmart and other places but without Costco. I just don't know. That's the worst place. It's the craziest place I think. Mhm.
Well,
clearly. Yeah.
Well
I'll
try.
It's hard and husband works from home and so he can kind of watch them. But kind of not so I'm like I can only be gone for like an hour at the most and then I have to be back so that's the hard part because it's like he won't get anything done, you know if I'm gone for half a day? Um
But I thought maybe I should go on the weekend because then he can watch them, but then it's going to be busier, so I'm like I don't want to go on the weekend, but I might have to I thought maybe I should ask my my mother in law to go because she's sixties over 65 so they can go some hours special, you know? So I'm like maybe pick up some stuff for me, but I feel so bad asking her for help because she I know she has to get her own stuff. But yeah.
Yeah, I have a four year old and a 10 month old,
well the four year old just plays up in his room while the baby sleeps. Um So that's nice, so I get like an hour break Um just like do my own thing, which is nice and by 3:00 I'm like everyone go to your room, I need a hey guys need a break because I'm exhausted.
Yeah. Yeah, so it's been interesting having them um Like all the time. Like I I usually have help, like people watching them, you know like grocery shopping or when I need to go and run an errand and no one can, everyone's you know trying to stay home so I can't ask anybody. So I've been with them like six weeks straight with no break. I'm like I really need a babysitter soon and I hope they really hope they opened things up soon because I don't know much longer I can do it. And I feel bad for the people with kids in school you are now, they have to like homeschool their kids. At least my kids are, there were two young, the irony to having them all the time. But my sister has her six year old home and she's trying to teach kindergarten and she said it's really hard. She's like they have us him using the computer but he doesn't know how to use the mouse. And so she had to teach him and he's like going like this like really fast and the mouse is like sliding across and he's getting frustrated and she's like I don't get paid enough for this. Yeah, so
I know, I know it's like their their first year in school and now they're not even in school and they're like this is so weird, you know, they miss their friends and that's hard.
yep I know you're like their personal assistant meeting at eight o'clock and then we're going to have lunch. Yeah, I know. What do you
do at a school? Are you a teacher or you at eight? Uh
Well I'm sure,
how
do you do
it over the
internet?
no.
Oh they like forgot everything. Uh
Yeah, I
don't.
Uh I know and then I'd have to relearn everything they already learned probably so hard are when you do with zoom or the parents like sitting there with the kids like watching with you or so weird.
Oh my gosh that is so funny. You're like don't
keep
Oh my gosh how many kids do you are you zooming at one time?
It's so funny. Oh my gosh so you just wait and then you just do 15 minutes and then you're done so you're just like
waiting around.
You
will.
You
I know I mean I feel like it's already inefficient like even in the school like sometimes this is not working and then now it's like on zoom it's like this is there's no way it's just not. But then it's like what's the alternative just not try you know? And that's
Right. Yeah. I know I was thinking about that too and then they probably put out assignments and nobody does it or like half the people do it and then it's like how do I grade it? You know, like I can't even give a grade. It's like it's sad, but my sister in law is a, she's a band teacher and they're making her still teach and so she's doing lessons over zoom but she has to do like, She says like four hours of lessons worth every single day phone. And I'm like how are over zoom? And I'm like how is, and she has a four year old who can't go to preschool anymore. And so she has her four year old watching Tv or doing like abc mouse and then she's teaching the flute on soon somehow I'm like how world do you teach the flu or whatever? She's teaching to the kid, you know? And I'm like, you know, and she's so overwhelmed because she, you know, she's a single mom too, so she's just alone with her four year old all day long trying to teach and like I feel so bad, I want to help, but I'm like well we're not supposed to see each other and so it's like why don't you come over and we'll have a picnic outside, you know? So we've been trying to do that for her because she literally has no interaction like besides us and her students, it's it no, it's so sad. I'm like, I hope the world opened up for her soon and for I mean for us too, but at least like I have my husband so I'm not just with my kids. Like that would be really hard, it was just me and my kids like and you can't even take them anywhere, I can't go to the taking of the store, you can't take them. I mean she must take her to the store because she has to go grocery shopping somehow, so I don't know, and then you have to worry about your kid touching everything, like I could not get my four
year
old
to not touch
everything.
They
Oh, that's so funny. Mhm.
Do you think they're going to start back in school in july or do you think they're going to wait until normal time? Because I heard that they might start in july, but I thought that's weird.
Oh that's
careful.
Yeah. And I wonder if they do, if they do have you go back like if they'll change the class sizes or if they have the teachers wearing masks or like because they're probably not going to just have normal. Um But
You're like, yeah, I know. My masking bus corona. I know, I know I seen here, I only only have
one between me and my husband so we keep using it. Mm Yeah,
you go,
yeah, I make the kids washing hands
all day
long. Mhm
don't touch me.
My
one
of them,
Um Not a lot. We only, I mean we get limited time because once my kids go to bed they go to bed at like eight and then we have like by nine, I'm like tired so I have like an hour um We we watch, we watch not a lot. We haven't been doing so good with shows we want, you know what they haven't like we don't even have netflix or anything, we only have cable and they haven't really
been showing
anything new, like they're running content because they're not filming anything. So like we watched american Idol
on
sunday and they're doing american Idol from home which is weird. Yeah,
so they're like the singers are like singing at their house and then like they show the judges like at their houses and like their mansions, like the people of singers have like normal houses and then they go to like Katy perry intervention. So it's kind of weird. It's kind of weird but like we just whatever comes on at eight. We're just like oh I guess we'll watch this because you don't have anything else. I know my sister has stuff like sometimes we sign in as her but not all the time. Usually it's for the kids shows.
What about you?
Right. Yeah, I'm not sure what she has. Um but and we will be watching movies like my husband's been watching all the because I called the Avengers movies so I've been watching them with him. I'm like not super into it but I'm like there's nothing else to do. So last night we watched Spider man so that's been kind of fun for him. I'm just interested in next to bearing with him. Yeah. What are you gonna
say?
he loves it when we're really behind. He hasn't seen like infinity war or the Endgame one so we're going to catch up. But yeah, it's nice that they're long as we watched
half
and
then the next time we watched the other half so it like takes us two nights to watch
ones.
Yes. And we need we need to watch ANT man and I think we might have need to watch Captain America the second one. Is there too?
Others
3? Okay then we're behind. I think we've watched one so we need to watch that and I think there might be more things. I don't even think that we've seen thor how many floors are. Okay.
We
watched we watched one thor we're really behind. So yeah, we're going to catch up by the end of quarantine. I'm going to be super knowledgeable about all of the things Avengers very young.
When have you been watching?
Okay. What is it about?
Okay. I have more rooms.
I've never
tried
down to Happy but I want to. Uh huh.
Okay. I do have that.
that
would
Okay. I don't know what happened. Yeah, we're pros. Okay, we're good. Okay, so she's going to watch the movie
when
it comes out on the amazon prime. Wait, you said HBO. Okay.
I've seen commercials.
Yeah, that's interesting. It's a good premise.
There's
a lot, a lot of
stuff
like that out there. Uh
Oh yeah, very good. I've been saying um I said previous for like the new, is there a new series that they're doing for it? I thought I saw it. Yeah, I thought it,
you're like, I have time so I might as well catch up or re watch everything that I've been missing.
that's funny.
That's so funny. Okay, well that's good that you gave me some ideas because literally every night or like what should we watch and then we just sit there and watch whatever comes on, which is usually not good and boring and I'm just on my phone the whole time anyways, I'm like just waiting to go to sleep honestly because I'm so tired. Yeah,
these kids are wearing me out. Mm. Mm Okay.
Yeah. Yeah, I know. I was, I taught high school for a while. High school math and I'm thinking like I don't want a teenager ever like this is horrible. Like they bring their drama to me and like I don't want to hear about that. I am just here to teach math. So yeah, I understand that I got enough of that. Mm
Well,
I
know there's some scary kids out there. I've met a few scary ones. I'm like, I don't know about you, but more, I'm glad I'm not doing that anymore. I'm like, this isn't, I wasn't cut out for this. Like I teaching is so hard. It really is. It's like I, I just can't believe how much hard, how hard they wear. It gets this like and then they don't really get a lot of especially with like middle school age like not a lot of credit you know the kids don't really they're like over it and they don't really want to be there and it's like I don't know it's hard to probably get up every morning and work hard for kids who don't really care you know? But I'm sure there's some schools
that
do
but
the schools I was at it was really mostly just disciplining and not a lot of teaching you know mm.
Oh my gosh
that's
mm oh gosh yeah I don't want my kids to grow up like you love me right now
I love that you love me I don't want you to get older and then you're gonna hang me for
a few years mm
mhm
so
that's a good way to look at it. I hid my love for my parents for what I remember those days mm
I
think
it's
been 25 because I mean I got on at like three And it's 3:30 so we're good. I don't I don't know if it was going to tell us or if it was just gonna re just decide okay we've done it.
I'm pretty confident
and
it's been time because I I got on her before three so I think we're good. It was really nice talking to you. I really was talking to people.
Okay well have a good rest of your day thank you so much. Okay
bye.