Okay. Uh huh. What? Hello? Okay. Okay. Mhm statements Yeah yeah yeah. Mm Yeah. Mhm Okay. Mhm Uh huh Yeah yeah, sure. No. Okay. Yeah. Yeah yeah. Cool. Yeah, wow. Yeah, yeah. Hello
King
and I'm good.
alrighty.
hopefully he takes his nap soon.
he could always join us.
and be like, keep
thank you. I'm fine, thank you. How are you?
Well, I just did my shopping trip for like the first shopping trip in 12 days and
every time we go out, I feel like we over by and but it's like you're thinking I've got to stock up, I've got to stock up, but then you come home and you're like nothing fits in my french
thanks.
Gonna
have
barbecue,
chicken
barbecue ribs. Yeah, we're trying to, we're trying to see if we can stay in a little bit longer because the craziness of Memorial Day is coming up and so um we're trying to see if we can stay in a little bit longer this time, but I just um I'm kind of worried with the stop reopening of the country that people are like people were crazy today at Costco, they were getting so close and I'm like personal bubble six ft.
we
went oh wow, we we went early in the morning like um we were in line by 8 45 and they didn't open until 9.45, 9, something like that. So I mean it wasn't bad waiting in line at that hour, but even still like I could feel the heat like tanning me on one side of the face, I'm like oh my gosh, I'm gonna be a to face because it's just hitting one side of my face.
Mhm. Well when they were opening like a um gosh, I think they're open it at eight for a while and it was really nice because they don't let in a few people and everybody was spread out far apart and
um I really thought it was great because yeah I waited in line and the line was wrapped around the building but it was really nice because I got my stuff that didn't have to move around people and now this time it's like it's back to normal.
so I like
shopping early in the morning, but
you
probably can't do that with kids.
Oh
Oh wow. And you're both of your kids are little?
Oh my goodness.
You pour the,
That's so funny. Poor little kindergarteners.
I actually work at a school and so like I was just thinking some of the T. K. They don't even like They have like maybe 20 minutes of computer time a day so I'm like they probably don't even know how to get on the zoom. Like you have to do everything for them.
And
I'm an aide and um like right now I had like a month break of Like I went back to work for like two days and then they said okay you guys are off and we'll let you guys know if we need you guys but please be available during your regular hours. And I was like okay totaling my thumbs at home and trying to figure out you know what they were going to have us do and then all of sudden like okay you're going to do the same thing you do in class but now over zoom And you're only gonna teach for 15 minutes. I was like 15 minutes. This thing usually takes half an hour. Yeah. We reduced what I'm teaching to like what should be 15 minutes. It still takes me half an hour because
some kid
work
come
late.
Well because like they're like phonics and like they're reading muscles and so like it's like teaching the different vowels and the different phonemes that the kids need for english and it's like but my kids are so low and it's like I'm re teaching them stuff that I had already taught them. Like if I had them before and I'm like how do you not know this still? Why
did we have to have a break?
Yes.
And
I was like poor kids.
Yeah. They're off to the side and you can hear them whisper the answers to the kids.
and
it's it's so precious because like I can hear the parents cool say this and I'm like, listen to your parents
just to, but like the teacher is also in there because she, she wants to update them on what they're supposed to be doing for their daily tasks. And I'm like, that's fine. At first I thought it was weird because they normally don't watch us. They're not like in our own little groups when were there. But she just puts up a picture of a cat. So I pretend she's not there,
Well,
no,
because
what's been happening lately is that my kids, one of them will show up late and I'll have to reteach what I've already taught the other kids. I'll be like, okay kid a you sit there and like twiddle your thumbs, I'm going to teach the stuff that I already taught you to. This kid that just came in late to kid be and then we'll resume. And so like yesterday I think it took me like 15 minutes to do what should have taken 15 minutes. So it's challenging and normally I do like two groups, one had two kids and the other group had four kids and that's supposed to take about 70 minutes And now I'm just like taking 15 minutes to teach one to child group and I'm like uh huh
this is so inefficient.
Yeah because they're going to because like I mean we had the shelter in place in California, we had it sometime mid March. So like if you just leave them without anything any instruction, they're gonna slide back so far. So we're trying to get them you know moving on a little bit forward because like they basically just we're treading water for like two weeks while the teacher's got their act together with the distance learning and then they brought us AIDS and to help with with our groups that we normally have. But yeah, it's it's um it's pretty challenging for the teachers, the poor teachers, like some of them are so old and they're like, I don't know how to do distance florida and like, they've probably never done distance learning either because I've taken distance learning classes in college, but what if they never did?
Their
little
hands
everywhere.
They do, they touch
everything. I remember when Michael for was little, everything would be sticky and I'd be like, why is this sticky? And it's because she eats her jelly peanut butter sandwich and she's not washing her hands afterwards unless you physically take the child and go wash her hands. So it's like, it's the same thing at at work to like, everything will be sticky at the end of the day, and you're just like, do they see create stickiness?
Right.
Well, my sister was telling me something that made me want school not to start up again until august. She said that kids get Or spread diseases like three times more than adults do. It's just like we're totally going to get it and give it to my seniors in my house because we have three seniors in my house.
So
it's like, yeah, so I'm just like, we're going to get it. This whole thing is going to be, I'm worried because my dad has diabetes, so my mom is immune to compromise and my grandmother is 86, so
I would hope we get to wear masks and maybe they give us a mask because like, the mass that I've been wearing is like a painters masks or something and it's like I've been using the same thing for a month and a half.
No.
But yeah, it's like are they going to give us masks, can I give us more sanitizer?
Clorox wipes something?
that's another
thing.
Welcome to my Classical, wash your hands.
Oh my goodness, my kids love to hug me and I'm like oh how cute tugs, I'm gonna get sick later
but hugs and I just let them hug me, but now it's just gonna be like, who's six ft distance?
six
ft 6 ft Oh my goodness. Oh, so what shows have you been binging?
we
don't
that's
true.
really?
because yeah,
because like what I was going to say is that like if you have the the upgrade where you can sign in to people out at the same time, then you guys can both be watching stuff.
I'm
totally into the comic book movies. Yeah.
And
you're
like
and
well that will take you a while to finish, then
there's
three.
thirsty.
Resourced.
There you go. Uh huh.
That's I haven't. Okay, so I binge watched um all rise on cbs, all access and then I started, that's a really good show that just started this year. So like I really liked it but like I Think I'm on 11 And I still have like nine episodes to go
because like I watched half it's a lady judge and she used to be a lawyer. So like um they had this one episode where somebody tried to appeal one of her old cases and she's like worried that they were going to find something and she did wrong. She was all worried and her friends like don't just trust yourself, you probably did a good job. And she's like okay okay. But like I don't know. I just I really found out like a really good show, like it's probably the only show that's new this year that I actually like because everything else I'm just watching shows that I've been going on for years. And so it's like so I binge watched that one and I'm going to finish it and then my mom has been watching re watching Downtown Abbey
and
so I'm
like
that one's on amazon Prime.
So So yeah so you can pick up that one and then
they're gonna
have the um the movie Downton Abbey on HBO like sometime in May. So my mom was like I've got to get already from my Downton Abbey movie. Everything. She's already seen it. How you present? Oh no you're facing hello. Okay. You photos too.
my
goodness.
so she's like really excited. She's like doing her re watch of the whole series so she can be ready for the movie again and I'm like you already saw the movie but you you can do re watch us now and she's like okay and then what was the other thing I was watching? I was watching um marvelous mrs Maisel on Prime,
I'm on the first season And that one's a good one. It's interesting because it's like a 1950s housewife turned comedian and that's like what Women didn't do comedy in the 50s.
So yeah I like watching stuff with women as a central characters
because
I feel
like
no and it's like um Downtown Happy isn't bad for that either because it's got a lot of women in it. So I like that a lot. But I was trying to get my mom to start watching rewatching um Star Trek, the original series, but she's like, I don't really watch that and I'm like, I haven't watched it. I need to watch it.
Pick hard found one. That one was really good, we saw that one and that's like what my appetite for the old series again, I'm like why don't we watch everything?
Yeah, because like when I was a kid and I was watching Star Trek, the next generation, like I think I was like two or three years behind when it actually had aired and I would be like, oh wow, that's so exciting. And it's like now that I think about it and I look at the bates when it was on, I was like no, I was definitely behind, I was like three years, three or four years,
what was actually airing?
Yeah.
no kidding, I'm like I teach kids and I'm like that's enough.
That's funny.
Oh, but it's true, I think the oldest I've had was uh middle schoolers when I first got out of high school and that was enough, I was lucky that I was like, one of my kids was like, I know where you live, and I was like so and now I'm like oh my gosh, he could have come after
me.
they're all
caught
up
with their
that's depressing, that's why I like little kids because they're still afraid of, teachers are like I'm gonna get in trouble with the teacher and it's like they're not if they're not afraid of me, they're afraid of their main teacher and if they're not afraid of their main teacher, they're afraid of their parents. But when their parents don't like care like I've had one student his parents don't care. He would break pencils just to get up to go get another pencil
and I was like, he was doing that in kindergarten, so Mhm.
That was the ample.
All
What?
Oh,
they're not gonna hate you. They're just going to hide their love for a
while.
I haven't been keeping a track of how much time
we've
been
talking.
I thought there was going to be a timer. It said that there was going to be a timer so I didn't start timing it because I had my phone here right at the time. But
there
is no pirates.
It was nice talking to you too. I know me too. It's nice to meet somebody.
You too.