volume control your phones now, I
can
hear you.
I
hear
you just fine. Thank you.
But Yeah, this is my 2nd 1,
okay. Yeah. Yeah, I'm from Ohio.
yeah, not far then. Yeah.
Yeah. So what's it like there in Virginia?
You get
the weather?
hmm. That's nice. Really?
yeah, I grew up out in the country so that we're a couple miles out of town. So yeah,
lots of running around out here, we get beside us and they're constantly out there eating the soybeans.
The deer have been eating the soybeans out there in the, I walk my dogs out there and they take off sometimes and sometimes they just look at us like they don't, Yeah.
I'm,
yeah, same here, you know, except when you go to the grocery, you don't really worry about much of it.
My daughter went to school in Portland, so we went out there once and uh, we drank a lot, which you have different places. It's kind of like the town drink was cambodia.
Come
on.
I think it's a lot healthy and just about everything else out there.
Come on.
gingers around my favorite. I like to read a though.
well.
I'm,
That's
I grew some for a while, but I ended up with too much after a while and some of it was really good. And some of it was not very good. It just couldn't get the carbonation right. The mom, you'd open them and it would fit is everywhere and other ones just flat. So
yeah, just one little change and everything changes. So it was fun for a while.
yeah, the doctor has said it scars people's lungs even years later. They're probably gonna suffer from that. So they just don't know.
No, we can't seem to get away from it. I mean, people don't want to wear the master, They don't want to follow things. And now they're just tired of it and they're not worried anymore. So.
Well,
Exactly. You're right. Uh huh.
I was
Vietnam seems to be one of the countries that did the best.
They
tracked the people that that had it and the people that anybody that was around them. But then any people that was around them as well. So they went like two steps beyond that.
And they were did it immediately. And uh pretty much quarantine people immediately. And millions of people, They haven't anybody die yet. So
So we're gonna get out of this cycle because We just shut everything down for 30 days, right off the bat. We probably would be, it would be better, but it just
Punk,
there's just no end in sight because we have not done anything serious.
Yeah. Do you like dogs?
You like dogs?
Yeah. three dogs and three cats. Uh huh.
Yeah. Usually the cats are in their own bedrooms, so the dogs pretty much around everywhere. Yeah.
Yeah, I agree. Good companionship, entertaining to the way they, yeah,
all kinds of crazy things and
no, yeah, some of the funniest animals I've seen have been kittens crazy when they're little like that. Yeah, we have a package alert system. These dogs back, You just don't stay out there for long because just now, you know, catch yourself, anything pulls in the dry. We know immediately. It's always nice.
My wife was reading that they had, they had tested dogs for sniffing out Covid now and they were much more effective than the tests they have out. So
no
problem.
they can
sense they can sniff cancer and oncoming seizures and probably just about anything you could train him to sniff. So I don't think they have been utilized enough as far as their skills. They're so
smart and all they want to do is please. So make it a game. It's easy to get them to work.
You'll figure it out eventually. I don't know some places already do. I mean the number one thing you have when you have a bomb or something, they go in there to sniff out the sniff for bombs or sniff for bodies afterwards and
What kind of hobbies do you have?
Origins.
That's, I have something called. Word chums. I wonder if that's the same.
It's just like scrabble.
Word chums. Yeah.
It's a happy using on the phone or?
You're doing well then.
No.
You got less expenses since you're not going on vacation. So
what
or
you can save up this year for next year's vacation. You're on your card.
What?
mathematically you're you're locked in for life once you get too far behind just uh
I like to play chess online. So I played people from all over the world on chess dot com. So let's
settle
like 14 days. So you can play every day or you can play every two weeks.
So.
it's different. Yeah. I played differently online than I do when we set up a board and play.
but
after
a while you get the hang of it. But why?
No, She plays word comes with me and three of my sisters play and they all beat me. So I try to get them in the chest so I can get even. But they
and the thing they have in common is they've all read so many books since they were little kids and they just know more words than me. I mean I read a lot but they read even more than I did. And so
there are a lot of science fiction growing up Isaac Asimov are dark ray Bradbury all the old
john john christian
question. Okay. Yeah, I've heard of him. Okay.
Come.
All times since I've been to the movies,
we used to go about once a month or so. It's something we wanted to see. But now. Long time, right?
And
we
will
I don't know when we would go to the movie again,
These
problems with that vaccine is they pulled a lot of people and it was like only 40% of them would be actually willing to take it.
What
does
that bonus? I mean if no one will take the vaccine.
What?
the
problem
is if it's like the flu and you can get it over and over or like malaria,
a three week flu and you can get that as many times as possible. So
it has.
Me too.
well.
I think everybody needs to get a dog that is trained to sniff out Covid. And when you go out in public, if that dog alerts you turn around, walk the other way,
what else
can we do? I mean, and naturally we have a lot of dog lovers though.
Four.
You can even rescue dogs for that because any dog pretty much super tuned as far as their nose.
that's
a billion dollar idea right there. You know, we're gonna go in business, we know how to start, if you know how to start and you had the, you know, we'll do. It would be quite an idea though.
that
is
a brilliant idea if you don't need someone else to train your dog, if it grows up as a pop with you pretty much do anything to please you.
Those get quite attached to us as we do to them.
So how much do you make on prolific?
I haven't seen that one
yet.
I'm about at $400 for the year, so I was a month or so, but I just do it on an awful lot. I was a major in college. So a lot of this stuff they do is pretty interesting.
It's easy, it's easy to do. I enjoy it.
I did a lot of those products surveys for other places and I just, um,
and I
think
I enjoy doing these just, you never know what they're going to ask it always entering. It makes you think
Right. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah.
Uh huh. Not a lot. They started baseball back up, which I follow
that
a little bit, listen radio since I was a kid, not the indians, the reds. I lived in lineman, which is kind of in between the two. Well, if you heard a lima before,
no,
in Ohio right
between Cleveland and Dayton, 1975, it's like right in the middle. That's so,
Yeah. So, but a lot of them are not following the rules as far as what they're supposed to do and now people are getting tested and some of her positive and then they later found out there was a false positive insulin games for some of it. And they don't know
and
if the test, the test is not known to be that accurate and then they hold out turns out they didn't have a problem and
after all this time they still don't have an accurate test and they don't have a quick time. Um
I don't have
Yeah. You're supposed to stay away from people until you get your results. I mean who's that every time? Mhm.
Yes.
doing
well.
Do they require masking your state now everywhere?
Why?
Yeah. We were closest to new york and that was the biggest merit that answer them.
Yeah. They got it the worst because they got it so early that no one knew what to do and and the right equipment or anything and
I like the mayan civilization once the Spaniard showed up. Just they didn't have no options
but Yeah.
Yeah. It's been quite a while I guess. We got our 25 minutes in.
Do you have any gardening around your house?
Yeah we planted quite a bit this year just in case. Pretty well
get
ready
for a month. So I watered constantly and now it's been raining every day for the last week so.
Better.
Good luck. It was nice meeting. Yeah.
All
You too high.