Hi there, can you hear me? All right?
the
sun,
I can hear you
just
fine.
All right, doing well okay, yeah, 24. All right, okay, have you done one of these before?
Yeah, me too. Last 2nd 1,
okay, yeah, I moved from a high a couple years ago, I'm in Virginia now, but I grew up near Pittsburgh, so
yep, I was in Cleveland for a couple years and then came to Virginia to be with my parents who are older, so yeah,
it's
beautiful,
Well it's pretty good weather, we're about where there's mountains all around, so we're at the base of a mountain so we can climb the mountains whenever we want and uh there's all kind of wildlife running through our fields dear and skunk and you know,
we're kind of out in the sticks, so it takes a lot to get to work, but it's beautiful. I got I have small kids so they enjoy all the land of play around.
Yeah,
What's that eaten?
Right, right. Yeah. Yeah. The the last guy I talked to was from Portland. That was my first prolific video chat. So that was fun because he was in the midst of all of the,
you know, unrest and turmoil there here in Virginia. It's pretty were isolated from all of that. You know, we we don't really have a lot of that going on. It's just a slower, slower life in the country I think.
Mm hmm. Sure. Yeah.
Oh, I see. You love love cambodia. Yeah, ginger red caboose is my favorite. My wife used
to
make it for a while but she said I didn't drink it enough and it went bad. So now I just buy it. I'm a, I work as a pharmacy manager so I have all kinds of, you know, taboo to drink or whatever, they get a little discount. So
yeah, definitely low in carbs and good in the probiotics
and this one is ginger so it's good for your guts. So yeah, I agree. Yeah.
Oh yeah, I like committed to. Yeah. Yeah. Actually had a buddy in Ohio that, I don't know where about you are, but
this was in Cleveland and he made his own kombucha company called Bearded Butch. Beard above is the list. And he would he actually had a kitchen, you know, he has a kitchen downtown where he makes makes it all up and he puts his this big beard over his beard because you know the company's called beard and he has this huge beard delicious and then he would sell it to all the local mom and pop chains and grocery stores and uh coffee
shops and things like that. So anyway, that's how I got my, my, my love of kombu chose because I had it from my, for my friend's kitchen fresh. It's
hard to, yeah,
Dad. Yeah. Little their little temperamental, but you know.
Sure. Sure. Well, good. So probably uh, covid concerns like everybody I know like I said, I work in a pharmacy. So I see, you know, people come in all the time for, not for kelvin, but you know, that are concerned about covid and you know, getting tested, flu shots and things like that are, you know, because, uh, it's scary and it changes, changes everything, you know.
Sure, yep. I read that too. Yeah. It can be scary. I don't think we've ever gone through anything like this as a country. Certainly not in my, my life.
it's true. We just had a family reunion gathered. Uh, probably 40 of us or so. You tried, you tried to stay it was a week and at first you try to stay away and you know, you wave to people. By the end we were hugging and shaking hands. I mean, you know, it's
it's you have the best intent but there is a weariness that sets in where you're just like come on. I bet enough. Which is a lot of people but it's emotional, you know.
That's
it.
Yeah. Yeah. I saw that. I
don't know.
Oh I see. Okay.
They were on top of it from the beginning that that made the difference. Yeah.
That's what I said. I I heard a an economist talking on on the radio said if you send everybody man, woman and child in America a hazmat suit which of course we wouldn't wear it. So it's his theoretical. But if you want but if you send it out to them it would have cost I forget how many billions of dollars but it would have been so much better our economy financially because look how much we're losing. Each each month. You know it's it's it's crazy and it's really hard to to see how we'll ever get back on track when you when you get that low.
You know.
Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. There's no you know vaccines or therapeutics or whatever that we can kind of get a sense that you know we can get we can get beyond this. It's still just theoretical and that scares you know it should scare people. But it's uh that'll that'll take the economy if nobody's out spending their money like normal like I cancel my vacation plans this year because I don't want to go to the beach and come back with you know, some virus. Yeah.
What is it?
Oh, I like dogs. I've actually never well we adopted a dog once for I don't know less than a year and it started it was really really friendly. It was a great dog, but it's kind of growling at one of my kids. So we gave it back to my mother in law actually. We've always had cats. We've had I had like 13 catch growing up and we have a little kitten right now. Yeah. But you have you have dogs out here?
Even teams. Yeah, they will tolerate each other.
I'm an animal lover, you know, I think there they're fun. You know, they don't they don't live near as long as humans so it's sad when they pass, but you know, it's it's nice the time that we can spend with them, so.
Yeah.
Oh, why can't this crazy? She fell into the toilet yesterday and then jumped up on my bed. So I was kicking her off my bed. She kept coming back, you know? Yeah,
it is here to, you know, you hear a car and you don't know what ever, you know, my kids would go look to see if it's their relatives or someone they know because we don't have that many close relative or a close neighbors. So yeah.
that's amazing. Yeah. How,
how
their sense of smell is so cute, you know, and so much more powerful than humans. Thank
you.
I agree.
Yeah, everybody wins. Yeah.
yep, yep. And like in the, in the high schools and that, you know, drug drug sniffing dogs, so you don't have to break into someone's locker, let the dog do the, do the hard work first. Yeah, it makes sense. Mhm.
Well um uh let's see, I do like playing um some video games, not like the, not like the ones, we gotta pay a lot of money and you play day and night, not like that, but like I play words of friends with all my relatives. Um
Words with friends, like the scrabble game.
Okay. Word chums, interesting.
Uh yeah, this is, this is, I think it's a facebook one, but but now it's separate. I think it originally came to popularity. Words with friends because of facebook, but yours is words chum
words up. Okay,
Yeah, so anyway, I play that pretty much every day. Um, and then my wife and I are trying to get out of debt, which is one reason why I'm doing prolific and some other side jobs and she's doing a side job. So, uh, yeah, so anyway, that's kind of a hobby of ours is we, we talked about it all the time, We look at it, you know, with the economy, we don't know what's going to happen and we're not trying to be fearful, but just, you know, smart and set us up for success. So, um, basically any anything that, that my wife brings in financially just goes to paying off debt. And so anyway, yeah, we had, I think five credit cards at the beginning of the, of the year and now we only have one left that isn't paid off and then we're gonna start on on the cars.
Yeah, yeah, we really well you know we got that we got that money from from trump and then my wife is working so anyway it all goes to bills which isn't fun except for the fact that you know you get a little sense of satisfaction when you our check one another
one off the list you know. So.
Yeah. Exactly. Right. Yeah. My kids aren't going to scouts this year. You know they didn't go to camp. Um You know just it's anyway so we were going to cut anyway for for finances
and then Covid happened which just makes it easy to tell people now we're not doing that this year and
they understand because it's a weird year. I mean 2020 is this weird.
Yeah exactly. You know you
pay it off it doesn't that's a toss the interest. That's that's the main thing is you pay so much an interest, it's it's amazing, it's just amazing.
yeah, you ever got to restart bankrupt and start it all again or? Yeah, you just you're like a rat on a wheel just going, you know paying all that, but anyway, so that's my main thing, it's playing on my phone enjoying um you know, interacting, playing these word games and cannot update. What about you, what hobbies you have?
I
got
I say yeah
I used to get into that, I I played chess in high school, I was like the chess champion of my class for a while so I got dethroned but uh it was fun, I never quite got the was able to connect to online maybe because it's like you know one dimensional like you know what I mean? It's like flat uh
I imagine. Right? Yeah.
Is
it
Yeah. Does your does your wife play chess too?
That I've taken the bait. Huh?
Yeah. Yeah, that'll do it.
Yeah. Sure. Wells. Yeah. Yeah. I was um my my major was english literature, so you had to read all kinds of novels. I mean I read probably three novels a week of somebody of every genre to get a sense of what, you know, english literature was and things like that. So yeah, I really enjoyed reading science fiction as well. Um I'm more if I'm, if I read anything for for leisure or pleasure, it's a john Grisham a novel. I really like his style, uh you know, espionage and he, you know, a little bit of humor, He ties it in with some legal stuff. So yeah, anyway, here's my favorite. But
yeah john Grisham john
A bunch of his films became movies as well, which you know the movie is never quite
as good as the book but but he was good enough that they made some movies from his stuff. Yeah.
Yeah, me too.
Right. I
haven't
got any
either.
Mm You have to feel like some that's the question I have for everybody is like at what point do we feel like life has returned to normal to where you don't need a mask? You're not afraid of the next person and you know the stranger next to you And I don't know. It might it might take years and years. I have no
idea.
Well sure. Yeah,
I
guess.
Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. They're they're I think herd immunity
you have to have like over is an 80 or 90% of people that either had it and have immunity or have vaccine to where, you know, the rest of people that can't take it for whatever reason or won't take it are protected, you know?
That's
then.
Well yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. And and it mutates. I've heard already that there's six strains of Covid, you know
what
I heard, european and then the one from you know, china and then I'm sure there's others by now that You know, they don't stay, you know, they're smart, they figure out how to live and so they don't stay normal. So yeah, you're right. Like I said, I'm uh pharmacy manager and the vaccine, I think two years it was 10% effective last
year, less than 50. I mean, it was like, you know, so we can and that's and there's billions of it's a billion dollar industry and they still can't quite get it right because of how, you know, things change. So I I don't know. I don't really have much hope that we'll have a vaccine by the end of the year. Like some of these officials are saying if we do, I don't know how effective it will be. Like you say, I don't know how many people actually take it to where you can get that herd immunity. So anyway, yeah, that's it's not very hopeful. But maybe there's something I'm not seeing that they'll come up with and and uh get back to normal. I just don't know when
that's super smart. Yeah. Yeah, that's
point.
Well, yeah, I mean you could you could do a business by breeding, you know, dogs and then training them to smell octo vit people would pay good money and you're
doing a good service like you think.
Right, you just have to, you know have ones that are trainable and and friendly with people and you
know.
I think so. I think you're right, yeah, I think you're right. I uh I have a niece that special needs and uh my family, my brother and sister in law were looking to get her a dog, but it's a very, very expensive, I said you should just, you get a dog and train it yourself, learn how would you do it and then you can provide it, you know, much cheaper than these these other people are charging so, but it's fun to
come
up.
Absolutely. Yeah, yeah, it's being you're being your friend and it's like you said make a game out of it. Yeah,
mm hmm, Sure, yep makes sense. They don't have to run around and, and you know, feet um, yet yet food like their wild ancestors, we feed them, we give them love, you know, it's a win win, you know?
Um Doug. I mean I just do it very, very occasionally maybe 40 a month. Um some months are better than than that. But I would say on average it's about 40 month because I usually do like one or 2 a day that are less than a dollar. And then sometimes these big ones here. But like I just did one that was for every, every day three times a day. They paid you 70 cents to tell them how your day was at work. So
that
was a pretty good one because for two weeks I'm getting, you know, over over a buck every day for just a couple minutes. Um, so that this, this month will be better. But what about you? How often do you do it?
definitely.
Yeah, me too. I like I like most of the surveys because like you say they're interesting or make you think, You know, um some of the other ones I do or just that that aren't on prolific or just dumb stupid one.
Right.
me
too.
Well you figure there's like a university behind most of them. So it it's you know, it's academic and it's interesting. Um And for a good cause or something so it's not, you know. Yeah. Anyway. Yeah I agree.
Well anything else going on in the uh in the country,
you
know?
Is it in um
in P. A. Or in Ohio?
In the house?
My mother in law lives in around Dayton area. Yeah so I'm sure I passed. It sounds familiar in a,
I
say
mm. And that's something they're missing messed up the whole thing there with a false positive.
Yeah
I've heard some of the places that you go to get tested which I never I never have but I hear it through the pharmacy some of the places you go to get tested and then you don't get your results back for several days. So you know it's almost pointless because you know the reason that you got it might be some concern you have and then you don't get your results for a while and then you can just get it any other you know any other day that you're just walking down the street. So anyway yeah it's hard to have confidence in that.
yep.
Yeah, around here if you have like a hospital visit or like uh some major surgery or whatever, you have to be quarantined for four days before you do it. And then um And then yeah, then they'll they'll let you do the surgery. So I've heard four days,
I've heard 14 was the original and then I heard 10 is the revised,
I don't know.
yeah, yeah, Virginia was one of the first ones that required a mask, but it's it's a toothless law because there's nobody enforcing it, you know, like where I work, they say there are signs everywhere, don't, you know, you have to wear a sign to come in, but it's company policy that if somebody comes in without one, you can't say anything, you know, because they're afraid of being liable if somebody gets hurt or shot or whatever like has happened in the country
so they don't want you to say anything so it's a it's a toothless law that isn't being enforced other than societal and peer pressure. You see everybody else doing something and you're the weird one or not but that's yeah but anyway yeah Virginia is one of the first ones because we had outbreaks in like the D. C. Area of Virginia beach area all these nursing homes you know we were a problem for a while so it's it's much better than it had been. We're not one of the hot spot you know states right now. But
Yeah. Yeah it was scary there for a while in new york I guess they're they're kind of much better now than they had been
and and everybody's packed like sardines and and you know at least in new york city that it's it just spread like wildfire you know there's no immunity. It's it's new so. Yeah.
sure yep. Yeah. Exactly.
it was good talking with you
I think so
yeah we have well we have area to garden uh my my daughter does a little bit and my brother I don't usually have time to we do like blueberries, corn um uh cherry tomatoes, that kind of thing.
Okay well good. Yeah we're
getting
enough.
Yeah I was gonna say we begin rain here too and then I guess the the storm in in florida is coming up so that will bring us some more wind and rain. I think they said Tuesday it'll it'll hit Virginia so you know
it will be petered out by by then but we'll get we'll get the rain from it. Yeah
Likewise thank you so
much have a good one