Hey.
give me
Can you hear
me? Or government?
Okay. Good deal.
I have. I have. But the first,
so the last cycle that I was in was the first time, but like it took three times and then it was the fourth time when I was when somebody actually came. Well,
no.
What?
Yeah. Yeah. I started wondering, is this part of the um survey or is this part of what they're checking for? How long will I keep? Like a sucker keep coming back and just sit there staring at a blank screen like. So it was kind of funny. Um I asked him after the third time, like and they were like, no, it's not part of it. Just people have trouble then don't come. Have you done it before?
we
got
Well,
But
but just
no, I think sometimes prolific doesn't have like immediate delivery. Like sometimes I think in that in that same looks like I'm talking about. I think one of the times I got my notification really late.
No
no
no
I'm glad too because I was like
so
my adult son and I live in this home and he said it's gonna be like um Amigo.
me either. But I guess it was like really popular like five years ago. And and um you never, it was like chat roulette, truly chat roulette. You didn't know what you were going to get and like
don't
think
web.
No
that's when he
said that it was like like once in a while it was supposed to be for two majors or whatever. But he said once in a while you did
another real teenager. But mostly it was real sketchy. Yeah.
So I think you guys had similar experiences we
know for as long as I've been online. So I first started going online like around 93 when it was just i. r. c. If you're familiar,
your good
buddy.
relationship.
that was the ages. Yeah that was a agent a lot of people use so so I've been online since then until you know now and I've had surprisingly few weird
but I'm kind of weird myself. Not not weird like chatting that weird but just
like
I don't think I frequent the places that weirdos do.
I think
we need to I frequent like the nerdy geek forms that
somebody's going to talk for a page and a half about a butterfly, you know one butterfly. But I'm more likely to end up in those places than I am jealous. Um
Having to roll the dice of who's going to be on the other side.
No,
of science nodes. Um Like that was at the peak of when both chemistry was becoming, you know like a staple
of lab work, you know, for in academia. So it wasn't anymore
of like how does it work? It was more like now on the organ L level, how do we talk about what we know about how things work, what do we do? And so like the labs were it's like hard to go backwards mentally but that keep in mind while I was on R. C. R. Research was still being done and pulled through the dewey decimal system. So like it was like a live way to connect with other science people from around the world that we're doing, you know, similar stuff.
I'm really, I used to be a kind of took a different path for quite the last several years but uh it's probably still who I am as a person What, But you don't look like you're quite old enough to have been on our C in the 90s.
And
quickly, I'm
glad
you, I'm glad you didn't get painted from that experience, I'm just cringing thinking about a 10 year old Or 11 year old, but I guess you had as good a chance as just having a good outcome as anybody else.
thank
you.
But
great,
First.
Did you?
I do. Oh my God.
great.
right. So what I thought you were going to say was, so my sons went to um a fairly strict catholic school and they had net nanny and then some and they all just figured out how to ftp, that's what I thought you were gonna say, You just ftp around it. Right. But I mean, the internet was really different than because Up until about 2000, you had to be at least slightly above average and intellect to be able to be online. Everything wasn't dumbed down, everything wasn't Oh, just install this or that program, you know, and and click here and do this. Like you had to have some, I don't know, some some ability to think
for
yourself
or solve your own problems. But actually, if you could get to IRC, you could find somebody to help you with almost anything. And there was so much more willing to do it then without trying to compromise your system or or do weird things to you in the end. Like they just, like I learned a lot of really nerdy things that
of course,
perfectly.
Did
they
send it to you in D. C. C. Or or file here?
My
follow. So for you at that time that was like elite hacker shit like you would never you were home it was over then we're gonna know what all the little weird porn sites that you went to or whatever and it was just over like your life is. Really?
I don't think so.
Course.
What?
Well
Speak
that's
So I'm sure that there's like at least a handful of disturbing things that everybody keeps as linked for one reason or another. That makes sense to them in the moment or whatever. But uh but because I have a one of my friends still now I actually met on IRC um in 98 there.
Yeah we have um because he's a super nerd super nerd. he's like one of those barely uh barely verbal code writers.
my God, what, like, so he's where I got so many of my weird Quirks from two, but so I always start
like, yeah, like to me, you're a serious reader if you have a book like this at your hand
or whatever, right?
No,
no, he
has this book
at hand, he has a short book in case he only has a few minutes.
And then he had the book
like a subject
or whatever, strictly for learning, he doesn't already know about it and he intends to like inform himself
with it, but it isn't just that it's like, okay, so he got a Alexa shortly after they came out. I should probably purposes by saying he's an Israeli jew and he get my paranoid from, I keep appreciating security because of this man. so
and when he got his Alexis
I think shortly after that was when some of the discussion came of people reporting Alexa laughing or things like that or whatever, so he just decided to look at the code, He used to work for amazon um for their amazon web services or whatever, so he's like let me just look at the code, something he saw in the code that in part of the terms of services you're agreeing to allow Alexa to like
cake conversation, snippets for research and development, whatever. So in other words you could have you could be recorded without your knowledge or permission and their claim is that they're just using that information. Okay. So
Right and then disabled it
just
for himself And you know I had talked to him for like, 56 days because that's just how he is. Also like
he's one of those people, you just have to accommodate him being around and I would never, I would never replace him as a friend and he's not one of those friends like, oh, let me explain. Oh, he's absolutely going to offend you. He and he has no idea. So you can get mad if you want to, but it won't do any good,
you know,
that expertise just that way. Right? So whatever. But then, um, if you ask him something, he'll contemplate it really
deeply
and in his mind
there is no
reason to talk again
until he had to enter. So it might be a couple days or whatever. But I mean maybe I wanted to say, hey, how are you doing, nope. So that's how he's weird, but he's also one of the people who um,
it's really good at giving that solid advice whether you like it or not. And so
that's probably why we're still really good friends and I kind of try to help him fake being human so he can function in muslim.
What?
I haven't touched myself, but he's so flagrant that I even, I can say, oh man, I see where that went wrong. Hold on here, here's a place to start, stop beginning your experiences with things like look listen, come here, those are personable.
for
definitely, definitely. And he's not going to be the person, I would never put something
on and say how do I look unless I really wanted to know. It would absolutely tell me exactly how I looked.
So you just have to
be ready for it.
Beautiful.
I am, I mama, I'm on my first enclosed porch but I'm in Iowa I'm in Des Moines.
thank you.
The very,
when
her fine.
So listen when they get that big, you sound like a hillbilly. If you call him a windmill, I've come
to know
so
evidently
shows
this long uh propellers or whatever because they're crazy long. You pass a semi and it's the whole length of the semi. That's what put them into the turbo button. Are you from, are you from like indiana?
What I was trying to figure out is like most of the time um you
know midwest folks don't have an accent and you don't have an accent that I can pick out at all.
My
my go to when I can't pick out any accent is like middle indiana. They seem to have like a pretty, you know what I mean? Because I can hear my accent when I say like about or things like that. I sound pretty nordic. I sound like I'm from Iowa when I talk.
No.
So you know who my favorite ladies are is Southern ladies because they'd be stupid for me without, you know, like it's kind of stuff that hits me like 20 minutes later. What they meant like, oh,
I'm not sure if I would have worn that or you, you really must
like that to wear that or whatever in your life. Wait, what? Like, you don't
quite
get it at the time unless you already know that's what that means. And I was a couple of southern kao's in. It took me a while to kind of more recently. That's been a challenge for me trying to learn how to work with. That's right. That's right son, kidnapping the cat. Mhm. Um
My trick has been including how to work with people who don't don't like um
like in my mind, it doesn't matter if we're throwing rocks or launching shuttles, we just like attack it, you know? And do do our best, like, I don't know. That's just my thinking. It's been kind of an adjustment to
work
with people who
are just like
they're they're just they're occupying space and
it's been
and
right, and and they're cool to just like not even do that if they can, you know what I mean? Just like kind of fade into the background, even if it's a a team thing that you need to be doing or whatever. And so I I've come to know that all of the complaining I used to hear about women and stuff that I didn't really pay attention to because quite frankly, in a research lab, no, nobody cares what I'm making for dinner or what might look like or you know what I mean? They just don't care. I can't imagine like I may notice if somebody who usually dresses like me, it's really dressed up. All I'm thinking is, oh you must be presenting a paper. You must there must be a reason for this discomfort because it can't be it can't be voluntary, you know? Okay.
Well, more recently, working with super catty women, I think anxieties have just like tripled because I had no idea how much stuff I was supposed to worry about. Yeah.
Well,
what
orders?
All
That's my whole point. I don't get it. Like why does it matter what we're doing? How do you not want to just be the best at it? I don't I don't. But actually though your grandpa is way more interesting because I think I think to be an artist is to suffer period. And I think that the people who find a job so they can eat and their family can eat but don't leave their art are the people who are going to be artists, whether it's 19:20 or 20:20 or it's just like who they are.
And
its
young.
Beverly.
Oh, it's a beautiful day Today I've been really happy because um last
monday we had a really significant storm with lots and lots of damage and power
outages
for four and five days. And, and then it was hard on top of it and I'm not very tolerant of the heat. I'm not
very tolerant of anything. I like, I like everything to just be nice and mellow and having the porch or having
a fresh start out on the porch is yeah. It's been a good day today.
My
place.
Hey, you did the same. Have a good weekend.