Hello?
Hi my name is Ted what's your name?
Mhm. Let me turn my volume one second. There we go. You said your name is tammy. Oh
great
Yeah I can hear you better. My volume was down so it was I couldn't hear you at first but I can hear you now. So
have you have you uh have you done one of these before?
Coach.
you are
so you are somebody somebody skip to you three times
or somebody didn't show up three times.
Yeah and actually um I feel bad because I'm I'm somebody who missed my thing but I didn't
do
it on purpose so I had one real one And then I was scheduled for another one but to be honest with you I didn't see it. They gave me notice like four hours before it was going to start. They said they scheduled somebody and I uh I didn't see
it so I didn't join. So I
messaged and I'm like I'm like I'm sorry but I wasn't available on four hours notice or whatever it was. They said they had messaged me earlier but I didn't I didn't see it but um it was probably
my fault actually.
Mhm. Yeah. Well uh did you have you had any awkward conversations with anybody?
Anything
accurate? That's
good.
but
you
Mhm. I'm eagle. Okay yeah yeah I've heard of that website, I don't use it though but I've heard of it
You know chat roulette
was
more like uh where was more like porn basically? You basically
just saw
naked
thing?
Three.
of it, most of the time to be honest with you because I was on I I turned on I'd be with my friend and I would turn on chat roulette just just for fun and it was mostly just guys with their pants off. That's pretty much like 95% of it was just guys with their pants off. So
it's not good.
I R C remember IRC. No IRC.
No
no no. Oh
I R. C. M M I. R. C. M. I. R. C. Right.
Get,
they
are.
Uh Yeah I got
it. Yeah
man.
So.
Yeah. So what did what were you doing
on ICC in the 90s? What were you what type of groups are you involved with usually?
This is great.
There you go. Uh
Yeah. That's so your scientists then.
I'm 34. Um so in the 90's I got an I. R. C. When I was maybe 11 or 12 years old, so 96 97 I was on IRC for gaming. So I was really into uh
I was really into, it was right when um the original half life came out so I was really into half life and uh which is a computer game and some of the mods that came with it like Counter Strike and so I was 10 or 11 and I was chatting with like you know 40 50 year old gamers you know an IRC
and
my.
Yeah. Well my parents found out actually because um you know I was spending a lot of time on the internet and they they didn't
quite get it
right because even in like 96 you know, 9 96 97 the internet was still relatively new. I mean people use the internet, but it wasn't like they do now where everybody is on a device, you know, and so they didn't really get it.
And they
saw
that I was spending a lot of time online and they, You know, they opened up my computer and they saw that I'm chatting with like all these like 40, 50 year old men about stupid stuff about gaining, you know? But it was still they were they were concerned they were like you should probably stop doing that. Ted
no, I didn't. And actually they put me on a, do you remember a program called, I don't know if you remember this, but a program called Net nanny.
Yeah. So they put me on net nanny and where I was, my internet was restricted to an hour a day and I could only go to certain sites. But I installed a key logger from somebody who who I asked for it on on IRC. Actually I asked him I was like hey my parents have restricted my internet, what do I do? And they were like well install this key logger on your computer. And then I was able to get the admin password. So then I changed
all the settings and so they thought I was on that nanny. But I was I got their password.
You
should
be.
Although I will tell you I did ask somebody for advice and they told me to click there's buying to download this file and the next thing I know uh there's paper coming out of my printer and it says I have access to your
computer. It was like a basic basic
like malware thing, you know he
was just messing
happening.
I'm not sure. They just said they sent me a link somehow through IRC. I just remember clicking it and then next thing I know my printer turns on and it comes out and it says and I think he I think he rotated my computer view
around or something. Yeah. And I was like what's going on?
Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Man the internet was strange fact and my mom didn't know anything about the internet. So um Actually my favorite, one of my favorite bands and I was like 11 or 12 years old was this band. It was a rock band called Orgy. Have you ever heard of them orgy?
I had a song they did their famous because they did a remix of a song of the 80s song
Blue Monday and so they did a remix of that song And they they have to moderate
fan, you know they're they're one of these like 90s bands
that had a couple of good songs and but I really liked them, so I had their fans side up on my computer like orgy orgy orgy. My mom saw my search history
and she thought
that I was searching for like orgy porn but it was the name of the band.
And you kept in touch
like give me an example of how like nerdy he is, what would be an example?
Between
And
yeah
no,
got
it.
Thank
you. Uh
But
It's more
got it.
Wait,
People.
So you like reverse engineered the code or something?
You got
it.
phoenix,
got
it.
You
can imagine
within
days.
Come on.
Yeah.
fake
clean. Amen. Yeah.
Some basic social skills. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. That's funny how their friends like that. Yeah. So he's very brutally honest. It's good to have people like that who can keep
you keep you sometimes.
People.
Got
it.
Yeah. Yeah. Well, is he? Uh where are you, by the way? I see
you're on your front porch or your back porch?
Oh Iowa. Okay. That's cool. Iowa. I've driven through Iowa I've never stopped there but I've driven through Iowa on the highway there. You can see the, they have a lot of wind energy.
I remember
seeing all the winds, the wind uh whatever you call those windmills, what do you call
those
wind turbine? That's what you call it. Okay.
Got
it
to
wind
your mind.
No, so my uh my father lived in Minnesota for um Like 15 years and then I lived, currently I'm in Maryland, so I'm not on that side. But at the time I lived in this about five years ago I lived in Colorado. So I just sort of travel from Minneapolis to Denver I would drive through parts of Iowa to go visit him and so on.
Mhm.
No, I don't
know. I don't.
Yeah. That's like my step mom, my step mom was the same way. Yeah. She says that about, you know, and uh you know, different mannerisms, you know when she says whenever my step mom whenever, because she's born and bred Minnesota, but whenever she uh disagrees with something, whenever she doesn't like something, she never says, she doesn't like something she always says.
Well that's interesting.
No.
hmm.
It
was,
Yeah.
Yeah.
This
is very
different
from us. Okay.
who are,
do you mean like people who are like, I don't have a goal or anything like you're just going through the motions,
is that what you mean?
Yeah.
Talking about, yeah, like paul office politics like that can get
pretty annoying and it's also, it's sort of like, you know, I think it doesn't even matter what your job is really
if uh you know, if you have a boring job, well you might as well be the best, like let's let's say let's say you have a job and you're my grandfather, everybody thinks it's a bad job, but my grandfather was a janitor for years and a lot of people
would think, oh that's a bad job now, he was his main job, he was an artist, but he had trouble selling his paintings, so he had to have a janitor to be a janitor to pay the bills, so he cleaned toilets. And my point is is that a lot of people think that's a bad job but he sort of took it, hey if I'm going to be a janitor I'm gonna
be the best freaking janitor there is you know
Yeah and also a janitor is honestly a janitor is not a bad job. You don't have to deal with anybody, You don't have to speak to anybody. You just you can put on headphones, you can
focus
on something
else, you just you get paid to work out, you're working out basically you're moving around
so it's not that bad but uh well I think we're out of time but it was it was good to meet you. Is it uh is it a nice day in Iowa today? It seems it seems nice if you're on your porch.
True.
Complete
with you.
No.
it's
It was nice to meet you
and uh
enjoy the enjoy the rest of the day.
All right. Do you buy