SPEAKER_R: how you, Can you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I can hear you fine. Can you hear me?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I can yeah how's it going?
SPEAKER_L: Good morning. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: it's a little bit earlier than I thought I was going to be scheduled but it's all good.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah absolutely. Like my availability was very limited in one second. I am going to just set up stop watching on my phone because I did this once before and we have no idea how long we had actually been chatting
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah same thing happened to me. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: so. Okay. Yeah. No so just my availability is pretty limited but I figured if they could find me a partner early before work starts then that would be that would be good.
SPEAKER_R: I think your video cut out.
SPEAKER_L: Oh can you see me?
SPEAKER_R: No I can hear you. I guess we can wait a minute see if it comes back.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah there may not be a whole lot I can do about it. Let me try to move to a different part of the room. Is that any better? Mhm. How about now?
SPEAKER_R: No um it says on their t to try to like maybe exit out and then restart the chat.
SPEAKER_L: Okay you can do that.
SPEAKER_R: I love you dad and then see maybe that works. I can see you now. Yeah can you hear me okay
SPEAKER_L: I can hear you can you can you can you can. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: good deal. When do you go to work?
SPEAKER_L: Um Well I will go to work in another room of the same house. Yeah I actually worked from home even before all of the
SPEAKER_R: You repaired,
SPEAKER_L: all the changes
SPEAKER_R: you're ready
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: for this?
SPEAKER_L: yeah I mean it's sort of but now I have the rest of my family in the house with me. Are you in the United States?
SPEAKER_R: I am yeah I am in Arkansas so it's seven, I don't know what time zone you're at this. seven a.m. Here?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. How about the ham on the east coast? I'm in Maryland So it's 8:00 here. Uh
SPEAKER_R: else do you have any kids that live with you or anyone else?
SPEAKER_L: I mean the other they're all young adults who the youngest is 18 so she's she's still here. Um And I have one in college who goes to the University of Maryland but she lives in an apartment near campus and one who just graduated from college who lives in D. C.
SPEAKER_R: exciting. I am about to go back to college. So I live at home and parents right now, but I'm super excited to go back.
SPEAKER_L: Are you going to actually have things in person or is it all going to be a virtual?
SPEAKER_R: I go to a pretty rural school. I say role is still about analysis students. So the plan is that we're all going back with face mask and like a bunch of kind of pretty stringent procedures in place, what kind of planning phase about as time goes on and things are going well, but is playing right now. So I'm just like, I don't care to wear a face mask. I'm all go that as long as I get to go back.
SPEAKER_L: No I think you know my my daughter came home in the middle of March, she was with us until the end of May and she was really ready to go back and I was like okay, you know and like I'm not offended by that, I remember being 2021, I would not have wanted to be living with my parents for that long, you know just wants to be independent and she was in this off campus apartment, had already signed a lease, we were all obligated on the rent anyway, so might as well be there even though her summer class was completely virtual and her semester in the fall is almost entirely virtual.
SPEAKER_R: Uh is she? That's not really her thing.
SPEAKER_L: All the virtual stuff. Well she's pre med with a lot of lab sciences and even the labs are remote, so that's hard.
SPEAKER_R: That's going to make it 10 times more difficult to be honest. Doing
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah, she already had it when the semester got sort of weird in the spring when she had to finish, she was taking Chemistry, organic Chemistry or something and had to finish the class remotely including lab. Which is hard.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I took a biology class and that's how it ended with everything you do online. And it was like it was much more difficult without having like your classmates to kind of help you through the difficult parts. I bet your your 18 year old just graduate high school. Was he disappointed and cut quite like in the way?
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah there's no question that this was not what she was hoping for For sure. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Well hopefully
SPEAKER_L: and it means
SPEAKER_R: her freshman
SPEAKER_L: to.
SPEAKER_R: year like won't be too difficult for her, you know, It won't be too like do. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: right I certainly hope it will be better. Where are you studying?
SPEAKER_R: I'm setting this as an economics and then I plan to go to grad school after I graduate. All things going well.
SPEAKER_L: That's cool. What do you
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: do you want to
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: do with do you know what you want to do with it? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Um, I like to work somewhere in the government so I don't know what your your son or your daughter and you see that do, but they'd be cool to end up there. Looks like your video could have again. I just like always.
SPEAKER_L: still
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I guess. Yeah, I'll let you know a second. It is still out. Maybe they will resolve itself.
SPEAKER_L: yeah it's not like it try again. This is weird. It doesn't usually do this.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I haven't had this problem before, have you done a lot of,
SPEAKER_L: No I'll be there. This this is this is my second time doing the video chatting but I've been doing zoom meetings from all over my house for months and I haven't had this happen still nothing we know you're gone too. All right let me exit out and start again.
SPEAKER_R: Well you see.
SPEAKER_L: Wait you're back. Do you see me? Okay. Okay so maybe this time it wasn't me? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Well I reloaded the page to see that would maybe like kick started and it did work so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No so um my son in D. C. Is an engineer so it's not so much the business and government stuff but he like it's not 100% sure yet but he will probably be working for a company that does sort of engineering contracting for the Defense Department. Yeah so we'll say so it's no government connected but not actually government. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Is D. C. Pretty close to eu in Maryland?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah we're we're in a part that's really like suburbs of D. C.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Do you like living there or this is like is this about you and end up?
SPEAKER_L: No I mean like I grew up in suburbs in New England and I like being in a sort of suburban place because it's you know probably not as quiet as your college with rural but it's not relatively quiet but in normal times in less than a half hour's drive we can be really like in downtown D. C. You know theaters and there's a huge concert arena and you know professional sports and museums and all kinds of stuff. So it's a sort of feel like it's kind of the best of both worlds.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, definitely. Yeah. Did you ever think about moving anywhere else or was this like you were good to live here for life?
SPEAKER_L: No I mean you know like I said you know I grew up you know A couple 100 miles north of here but we've been here 25 years more. Yeah that's it's been good.
SPEAKER_R: and like the same
SPEAKER_L: Have
SPEAKER_R: house?
SPEAKER_L: you? Uh Yeah but when we first moved here we lived in an apartment for a year but we've been in this house for a long time. Yeah. Have you lived in Arkansas your whole life?
SPEAKER_R: I lived in Memphis Tennessee for fears. But I lived in Arkansas within the state for pretty much all of it. Yeah. So I do really like the where I live, I live in like Bentonville, which is like the home office of walmart. I know walmart is a big and
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: new,
SPEAKER_L: no I have I have a friend of a friend who works for walmart who commutes back
SPEAKER_R: in
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: in
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: Bensenville. Oh, that's crazy. Yeah, so it's sort of like a suburban area because there are quite a lot of people here for walmart and there's a lot of things to do because walmart kind of brings it in, so I can't imagine living anywhere else in Arkansas, but I do I can't see myself living outside Bentonville, you know the nowhere else in Arkansas, but maybe somewhere else besides defensible. So
SPEAKER_L: Is that what brought your family to Arkansas in the first place, wal mart?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, my parents broke away from Little Rock um the capital, but they were brought from Memphis to bench filled for walmart to working with walmart. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Very interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Small world, that's me that your friend will commute there.
SPEAKER_L: I mean it's not like every day and she's been with walmart say about a year maybe a little more, she's a lawyer. Um And when she first started she was there like you know every week like from mandera Wednesday or something like that and she said it actually worked out okay because wal mart is there? So getting from D. C. Tibetan bill was actually not so complicated.
SPEAKER_R: well they have their
SPEAKER_L: she does. So she could kind of fly right in which made it easy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, well I think they kind of built an airport here just for like pretty much for walmart. So we do have like a small airport that a lot of people fly in and out of if you imagine they probably were pretty busy walmart. So pretty ruthless company to be honest. So that they keep her pretty. I do
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Her and her specialty is antitrust law so I'm sure she is I'm sure she is busy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'm sure she doesn't have an off day.
SPEAKER_L: No, no but she prefers it that way, which is just fine. No.
SPEAKER_R: But is this
SPEAKER_L: Do you have? I'm sorry. Good.
SPEAKER_R: what's
SPEAKER_L: No. No. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: this thing out your window? But I think
SPEAKER_L: How is that?
SPEAKER_R: yeah I don't
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: I'm understanding we're looking at.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I'm in a basement and
SPEAKER_R: that makes
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: sense.
SPEAKER_L: is this is like rather than having a gigantic thing with steps to get out, this is like, it's like there's a window well
SPEAKER_R: That's so funny.
SPEAKER_L: right above me.
SPEAKER_R: I've never
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: seen one.
SPEAKER_L: they like, I had never seen it like this before either. And then when we moved into the house, the basement was mostly unfinished, like there was a floor and there were actually remember if there were one, there were walls up here, but they were like somebody had just kind of like stuck something kind of crummy up and we we didn't finish it like fancy, but we did sort of finish it so we could use the space and we didn't really have enough room for the gigantic stairway to come out of the basement, but we wanted this to be, you know, a safe place to be and code here meant that there had to be a reasonable way of getting out. So they put in this hunky window, will you can see the ladder behind me. So that way we obviously hope there isn't ever a problem. But you know, the furnace isn't so far away. If somebody were in here and had to get out, they can they can get out that way and then that it's a cover so it doesn't get all wet, but you can just pop it right up from the consent.
SPEAKER_R: Does it like walk? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well there's a window, right, this is glass back here. And I don't think there might be a I don't think there's a latch, there might be a little latch on the inside. Mhm. Yeah, it was sort of clever.
SPEAKER_R: It's pretty small but I've never seen one of those before. That's fun.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I had never seen them before either. And you know, but this way at least it's safe to have somebody sleeping down here because there's a yeah, nobody, nobody in the immediate families leaves down here. But sometimes like, you know if my parents come and siblings come or whatever, you know if a lot of people are here we can have somebody sleep down here and not have to be so scared that they can't get out if there's a problem.
SPEAKER_R: Do a lot of homes in your area come with basements.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Pretty much everybody has a basement.
SPEAKER_R: Is that just like how it's I know
SPEAKER_L: That's that's just that's just how they build them here.
SPEAKER_R: that's funny. This is not basements aren't like a huge thing where I like but I know in like ST louis everyone has like a basement. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That's interesting because aren't there tornadoes where you are? Yeah
SPEAKER_R: are we do quick get quite a few tornadoes. So a lot of homes come with storm shelters or it's a pretty popular thing to get. Um I imagine.
SPEAKER_L: but you have to go out, How
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: does that
SPEAKER_R: lot
SPEAKER_L: work?
SPEAKER_R: of, yeah a lot of them are outside assumed the more in like your garage which I never understood because like if your car is parked over it you had to move the car to get in there. But I had my parents had a house um that was like there was a storm shelter like the door was like right in front their fireplace which seems like an inconvenient like eyesore. But it was in their house but we don't have one because there aren't that big of a deal. But there have been homes destroyed north and south of us. So. But I guess
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: you probably don't have, you don't have a lot of tornadoes in Maryland.
SPEAKER_L: no, hardly any. But we get you know there's always something we get hurricanes. Yeah. Not not like in florida but we get hurricanes usually like end of august into september.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Do you get like earthquakes? I'm not really sure where the fault lines are.
SPEAKER_L: Mostly no we have we had one, gosh so many years ago now and I say maybe eight or nine years ago, there was one and everybody got so freaked out because it's just mostly doesn't happen here.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Do you ever drive up to like main I heard like means pretty pretty like 10 years? I've never been. So I was wondering if it's good.
SPEAKER_L: it's beautiful. Um but never from here. And I grew up, you know, a bunch north of here and we used to go to Maine in the summer time, like at the end of the summer before everybody went back to school, my family would go for a couple of weeks. Um the new york state a little cabin on a lake. It was very pretty and very rustic from here. That's probably, I don't know, 10 hours.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. That's more than I thought it was. My geography.
SPEAKER_L: I mean like everybody right. But the newest thing is that everybody who doesn't live in the Northeast thinks that it's like this big and that nothing is. But yeah, I remember I got so many years ago, a friend from college who grew up in Dallas came home with me for, we had like a four day weekend in the fall and she came home with me and I just remember we were in school in pennsylvania and we drove to Connecticut and then we drove to Vermont and like all told it was probably about 6.5 hours in the car and we had gone through pennsylvania Delaware, new Jersey, new york Connecticut, massachusetts and Vermont and she said you know that from where she grew up she could drive six hours in any direction from home and still be in texas and she couldn't believe how many states we have gone through.
SPEAKER_R: Imagine like being in europe, you know like you drive six hours of like, you know, probably Switzerland and you end up in a completely different country. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: So I paint the painting behind you is beautiful.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, thank you. I got it. Um I spent last summer in spain on a study abroad program and I met an artist that I really liked as I re contact her again because I saw this painting on her instagram and I was like I have to have it with the United States. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: and she just she shifted to you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it was a little bit of like an act of faith because her second language is english and while her english was very good, it was not a native speaker in language So we couldn't really set up but like she couldn't really listed. So I just I just sent her like $350 or paypal and just hope that she was going to mail it to me. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well I have to say it definitely worked out well because it's even with cruddy computer screen resolution, it is beautiful. You can see the light is like glowing through it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I really do love it. Unfortunately hobby lobby did kind of scratch and when they framed it but which may be super but I still really do love and I'm keeping it for a long time.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. And what's I'm trying to see like on the horror? Is it trees?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so it's kind of like a little so there's kind of pills and all this, the like a little sort of like a girl. But I guess I would say, well, are you a big fan of art?
SPEAKER_L: Mostly now, but I mean like, you know, I like nice art. I'm not necessarily, you know, a connoisseur or anything, but there's just something about the way the light is coming through the clouds there, it's beautiful,
SPEAKER_R: I think I'm probably pretty similar. Like my mom is really into art and I do appreciate some art, but like, I don't like
SPEAKER_L: beautiful.
SPEAKER_R: anything that's like abstract or like, you know, Cuban is um or you know, I don't like Compal complex heart. I guess I should
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: say. Simpleton.
SPEAKER_L: really funny. We actually, yeah, we actually, so we've been in this house a long time. There's a spot on the dining room wall, like a like a big wall. Yeah, I was just empty for many, many years and saying, you know, Because we we renovated 12 years ago, so roughly 12 years. We just couldn't find anything we liked. And my husband really prefers sort of realistic art. And I was looking at pieces and for that spot, I really wanted something a little bit more abstract and we just if I liked it he didn't like it if he liked it, I didn't like it. And we were like you know Even if it's not like a museum quality piece like I'm not going to spend $350 on a piece of art that one of us is sort of like I don't know. one of my kids was looking on art dot com and found essentially a poster that really looks like a painting
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: and it's a little it's the perfect balance. It's clearly a landscape but it's a little bit abstract. Like it doesn't really look like any specific place but you can definitely tell that it's supposed to be a landscape. And we were both like yes that's perfect. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Is
SPEAKER_L: Anyone.
SPEAKER_R: what I want.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and you know it was one of these like I think it was $25 and they gave us the option of printing it on regular paper or on this fancy texture paper that turned out to make it look like an actual painting. and two piece of art was $25. And then it was like $300 to get it framed. But But.
SPEAKER_R: That's how it goes.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Exactly. And better. $25 for the art and $300 for framing. Than $300 for the art and $300 for the framing. So I think it all worked out. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: There's this artist and mom really likes who like, it's like over here just like she's still alive, but she does. There's like, they're super small, like about that big. But they look like they're three D. Like it's like a little animal and they're always like poking out of the frame. Like they're looking at the frame and like it's so detailed that it looks like it's like a globe like it looks like the animals actually like leaping out the flame frame. It's so cool.
SPEAKER_L: That's really cool. Do you happen to do you happen to know the artist's name?
SPEAKER_R: Oh my goodness. I follow her on facebook, somebody taking a second but they're so detailed. I don't know how she does it but if you look at them and they really do look like a three D. Piece of little animals, they're so cute. They're always like little mice or like little birds or something. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That's very cool.
SPEAKER_R: Do you travel much in the New York area like you seem like I mean even the same place for 25 years so imagine you want to get away sometimes?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Certainly. This was we said you know back in the old days before all this happened. So um you know some not so not so easy when the kids were little but managed to travel a little and I'm hoping to be able to travel again in the you know and the not too distant future.
SPEAKER_R: Do you think you and your husband travel more now that like your all your
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: kids are
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: growing up?
SPEAKER_L: It's an interesting idea. I hope so. Right. You know probably
SPEAKER_R: morning?
SPEAKER_L: we probably need to let life settle down a little bit first
SPEAKER_R: Does one of you like traveling more than the other?
SPEAKER_L: now I think we both really enjoy it. But he like when things are more normal he travels more for work. My work is really like at home on the computer and more of his is um he's traveling so when he's traveling a lot for work he's much less enthusiastic about traveling you know for recreation. And then when he goes through periods where he told more than the idea of getting on a plane again is more appealing. So you know I hope we will at some point.
SPEAKER_R: Where would you want to go first?
SPEAKER_L: Oh gosh I've never been to France. I would really like actually went to see the first place I really would like to go to see my mother. I haven't seen my mother since I guess I haven't seen my mom since january because I was never supposed to see her in april and then you know things were really bad here in april and there was just where she was, it was even worse. There was just no way. And even now things are bad enough to, it's her birthday next week we were talking about she's about four hours away. We're going to go and just have lunch with her outside. Yeah like outside of her house but the weather is supposed to be really bad that day so I don't think we're going to do it will have to wait and see. Um But you know after that I'd really like to go to France. Let's see Um
SPEAKER_R: We're like the paris or would you rather go like it's sort of like south of France like when you're
SPEAKER_L: all of the, all of the above, all of the above. Yeah. So what have you been doing for the summer?
SPEAKER_R: Um So I got a job so we are sent home this March as well, so I kind of after like staying at home, I think I stayed on for about March april it's probably two were probably more like at the I think I started a job at the beginning of june so I stayed home for a few months and then they kind of like let up a little bit so I wear masks all day at work um and do like a lot of different safety procedures, but I'm glad to be like out of the house and kind of like working a little uh just because I like I do like to stay really busy so as much as I love to paint on my family in such a mom, I do like this, having something to do all day.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I totally get that. So what have you been doing? Where are you working?
SPEAKER_R: I don't know if you have them there. I work out like Mcallister's,
SPEAKER_L: I don't know what that is,
SPEAKER_R: it's a little bit like a yeah, it's like not as nice to sit down restaurant, but it's not like it's nicer than like a fast food. So like you bring food out to them, but it's like a deli, like a double level restaurant style.
SPEAKER_L: Do you work in the kitchen or like a server
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm servers, I just like I bag of food and take food out. So pretty much certain.
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: and where you are, can people come into the restaurant and see the tables to eat?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, so you have to wear a mask when you first come in and when you leave and then you want to wear a mask, place, sit down, and then we're at limited capacity. So a lot of our tables are exit off for like people just like this sense away from each other and then it's crazy, people come in and they're like so angry about having to wear a mask and I'm like, then don't come to eat, you know, like Mhm. We're also seeing like we just went our whole like area that we're supposed to all wear masks now that we're outside. People get so worked up about it. I don't know. That's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: I know. Yeah, and then mostly people here are pretty good about it, but there are people like, like I'm not going to wear a mask because I'm not afraid like that's fine, but I'm wearing this mask for your benefit, so you like maybe you're not afraid, but I'm a little bit like you do this like you're doing it so you don't spread it.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah. Yeah. I think it seems like here a lot I do live like in the South Sea Islands could be big into their individual freedoms. So I think a lot of people see is like, you know, true, a challenge to their individual freedom. And I'm like, we also make you wear a shirt when you come in. It's like that's not a challenge, your freedom, you know? You know?
SPEAKER_L: Like we're making you wear pants and you're not fussing about,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You were as you felt, you know, that's not challenged your fruit, you know,
SPEAKER_L: they actually might not be wearing seatbelts, so
SPEAKER_R: mystery and so, you know, no one is upset when I ask you to like not be naked so like just cover your face, you know? But
SPEAKER_L: You know, sometimes you just gotta have to shrug your shoulders. People are strange.
SPEAKER_R: it's a strange world to be honest. Yet. Only gets stranger is the older I get. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: it was asking about your summer because my middle the daughter who's still in college was supposed to be working at a hospital this summer.
SPEAKER_R: How
SPEAKER_L: She was supposed
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: to be working
SPEAKER_R: the cream?
SPEAKER_L: with, working with the doctor doing research with patients and they just there like, no way. No way. And so she had this set up maybe in october and then it completely fell apart and she's been able to sort of piece things together, but like you she just, you know, she doesn't like sitting around not having enough to do
SPEAKER_R: Is
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: that gonna push her back as a pre med student?
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: Like is that going to interfere?
SPEAKER_L: should, it shouldn't um like, you know, she was able to take a class um and it's not like any other student had different, you know, like every student who was supposed to do that kind of thing this summer wasn't able to do it, but you know, it's going to be interesting to see what happens later. I because it's just you know, this whole time has messed up so many people's plans.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Has it's disappointing first though? So I'm just gonna, it's like, like I was going to internship so I just would have been like an internship for her.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, exactly. They call it something different. But yeah, it would have been a, I don't know if it's specifically like what med school admissions offices want, but where she's at school, there's like a, like a little team of people I guess that's part of, you know what it is. But there's like somebody to help students who want to go to law school and somebody to help students who want to go to medical school to make sure that they're sort of ticking all the boxes that the admissions offices are going to want to see. And they strongly advise that the pre med students do a certain amount of like lab research and then a certain amount of research if they can find a doctor to work with where they're actually doing work with patients. Which is not so easy because when you're still in college there is really not so much you can do. But if you know you know doctors who work in hospitals especially like teaching hospitals often have you know like research projects going on with their patients. And she was supposed to be helping anesthesiologists do research with his patients. But it's a very big city hospital. And he said no you know we said we don't even want the medical students here, we absolutely do not want extra people here. So so that was the end of that. So she took she took another one of her pre med classes so that she won't have to take it. I can't remember. She was supposed to take it in the faller in the spring but she won't have to take it in the coming year. Mm. Just try to find something to sort of meeting that requirement for next summer.
SPEAKER_R: Is that what she told me Be sort of like going to answer ideology?
SPEAKER_L: Not necessarily, I think she's not sure what kind of doctor she wants to be, but you know, so you know when you're an undergrad, it's not so easy to find these positions and she was able to
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, I get weak.
SPEAKER_L: find this anesthesiologist and he was so excited about the idea of having a student because it's like research he's always wanted to do, but he doesn't have time to go sort of,
SPEAKER_R: Back.
SPEAKER_L: you have to talk to, you have to talk to the patients to be able to explain what you want to do and then talk to them afterwards etcetera. And when he's busy like doing anesthesiology, he doesn't necessarily have time to do the research part. So he was so he was so excited about it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Well, that's a bummer. Let's disappoint for him as well. You know that he doesn't get to.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, exactly, exactly. It really is okay. So according to my stopwatch, We started like 30 minutes ago. So
SPEAKER_R: I think,
SPEAKER_L: I think we are probably good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think we've ended like six minutes into the first one, but I think we should be good. This is mine says 32 on the, on the main page.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Excellent. Well it was very nice meeting you.
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry. I try to look at that artist. I could not find her. But
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: did you ever
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: see it's greedy
SPEAKER_L: But they thank
SPEAKER_R: business.
SPEAKER_L: you for checking
SPEAKER_R: We'll have a great day.
SPEAKER_L: baby. Thank you and good luck with the rest of your summer and I hope that the transition back to school goes really smoothly.
SPEAKER_R: I hope you get to see your mom soon.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Thank you. I appreciate that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. We'll have a great day.