Yeah I can hear you fine. Can you hear me?
Good morning. Mhm.
Yeah absolutely. Like my availability was very limited in one second. I am going to just set up stop watching on my phone because I did this once before and we have no idea how long we had actually been chatting
so. Okay. Yeah. No so just my availability is pretty limited but I figured if they could find me a partner early before work starts then that would be that would be good.
Oh can you see me?
Yeah there may not be a whole lot I can do about it. Let me try to move to a different part of the room. Is that any better? Mhm. How about now?
Okay you can do that.
I can hear you can you can you can you can. Okay.
Um Well I will go to work in another room of the same house. Yeah I actually worked from home even before all of the
all the changes
but
yeah I mean it's sort of but now I have the rest of my family in the house with me. Are you in the United States?
Yeah. How about the ham on the east coast? I'm in Maryland So it's 8:00 here. Uh
I mean the other they're all young adults who the youngest is 18 so she's she's still here. Um And I have one in college who goes to the University of Maryland but she lives in an apartment near campus and one who just graduated from college who lives in D. C.
Are you going to actually have things in person or is it all going to be a virtual?
No I think you know my my daughter came home in the middle of March, she was with us until the end of May and she was really ready to go back and I was like okay, you know and like I'm not offended by that, I remember being 2021, I would not have wanted to be living with my parents for that long, you know just wants to be independent and she was in this off campus apartment, had already signed a lease, we were all obligated on the rent anyway, so might as well be there even though her summer class was completely virtual and her semester in the fall is almost entirely virtual.
All the virtual stuff. Well she's pre med with a lot of lab sciences and even the labs are remote, so that's hard.
Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah, she already had it when the semester got sort of weird in the spring when she had to finish, she was taking Chemistry, organic Chemistry or something and had to finish the class remotely including lab. Which is hard.
Oh yeah there's no question that this was not what she was hoping for For sure. Uh huh.
and it means
to.
right I certainly hope it will be better. Where are you studying?
That's cool. What do you
what
do you want to
do with do you know what you want to do with it? Yeah.
still
yeah it's not like it try again. This is weird. It doesn't usually do this.
No I'll be there. This this is this is my second time doing the video chatting but I've been doing zoom meetings from all over my house for months and I haven't had this happen still nothing we know you're gone too. All right let me exit out and start again.
Wait you're back. Do you see me? Okay. Okay so maybe this time it wasn't me? Okay.
Yeah. No so um my son in D. C. Is an engineer so it's not so much the business and government stuff but he like it's not 100% sure yet but he will probably be working for a company that does sort of engineering contracting for the Defense Department. Yeah so we'll say so it's no government connected but not actually government. Yeah.
Yeah we're we're in a part that's really like suburbs of D. C.
No I mean like I grew up in suburbs in New England and I like being in a sort of suburban place because it's you know probably not as quiet as your college with rural but it's not relatively quiet but in normal times in less than a half hour's drive we can be really like in downtown D. C. You know theaters and there's a huge concert arena and you know professional sports and museums and all kinds of stuff. So it's a sort of feel like it's kind of the best of both worlds.
No I mean you know like I said you know I grew up you know A couple 100 miles north of here but we've been here 25 years more. Yeah that's it's been good.
Have
you? Uh Yeah but when we first moved here we lived in an apartment for a year but we've been in this house for a long time. Yeah. Have you lived in Arkansas your whole life?
no
no I have I have a friend of a friend who works for walmart who commutes back
and
like
Is that what brought your family to Arkansas in the first place, wal mart?
Very interesting.
I mean it's not like every day and she's been with walmart say about a year maybe a little more, she's a lawyer. Um And when she first started she was there like you know every week like from mandera Wednesday or something like that and she said it actually worked out okay because wal mart is there? So getting from D. C. Tibetan bill was actually not so complicated.
she does. So she could kind of fly right in which made it easy.
Yeah. Her and her specialty is antitrust law so I'm sure she is I'm sure she is busy.
No, no but she prefers it that way, which is just fine. No.
Do you have? I'm sorry. Good.
No. No. Okay.
How is that?
That
I'm
yeah I'm in a basement and
this
is this is like rather than having a gigantic thing with steps to get out, this is like, it's like there's a window well
right above me.
And
they like, I had never seen it like this before either. And then when we moved into the house, the basement was mostly unfinished, like there was a floor and there were actually remember if there were one, there were walls up here, but they were like somebody had just kind of like stuck something kind of crummy up and we we didn't finish it like fancy, but we did sort of finish it so we could use the space and we didn't really have enough room for the gigantic stairway to come out of the basement, but we wanted this to be, you know, a safe place to be and code here meant that there had to be a reasonable way of getting out. So they put in this hunky window, will you can see the ladder behind me. So that way we obviously hope there isn't ever a problem. But you know, the furnace isn't so far away. If somebody were in here and had to get out, they can they can get out that way and then that it's a cover so it doesn't get all wet, but you can just pop it right up from the consent.
Well there's a window, right, this is glass back here. And I don't think there might be a I don't think there's a latch, there might be a little latch on the inside. Mhm. Yeah, it was sort of clever.
Yeah. Yeah. I had never seen them before either. And you know, but this way at least it's safe to have somebody sleeping down here because there's a yeah, nobody, nobody in the immediate families leaves down here. But sometimes like, you know if my parents come and siblings come or whatever, you know if a lot of people are here we can have somebody sleep down here and not have to be so scared that they can't get out if there's a problem.
Yes. Pretty much everybody has a basement.
That's that's just that's just how they build them here.
That's interesting because aren't there tornadoes where you are? Yeah
but you have to go out, How
does that
work?
No
no, hardly any. But we get you know there's always something we get hurricanes. Yeah. Not not like in florida but we get hurricanes usually like end of august into september.
Mostly no we have we had one, gosh so many years ago now and I say maybe eight or nine years ago, there was one and everybody got so freaked out because it's just mostly doesn't happen here.
it's beautiful. Um but never from here. And I grew up, you know, a bunch north of here and we used to go to Maine in the summer time, like at the end of the summer before everybody went back to school, my family would go for a couple of weeks. Um the new york state a little cabin on a lake. It was very pretty and very rustic from here. That's probably, I don't know, 10 hours.
I mean like everybody right. But the newest thing is that everybody who doesn't live in the Northeast thinks that it's like this big and that nothing is. But yeah, I remember I got so many years ago, a friend from college who grew up in Dallas came home with me for, we had like a four day weekend in the fall and she came home with me and I just remember we were in school in pennsylvania and we drove to Connecticut and then we drove to Vermont and like all told it was probably about 6.5 hours in the car and we had gone through pennsylvania Delaware, new Jersey, new york Connecticut, massachusetts and Vermont and she said you know that from where she grew up she could drive six hours in any direction from home and still be in texas and she couldn't believe how many states we have gone through.
So I paint the painting behind you is beautiful.
and she just she shifted to you.
Well I have to say it definitely worked out well because it's even with cruddy computer screen resolution, it is beautiful. You can see the light is like glowing through it.
yeah. And what's I'm trying to see like on the horror? Is it trees?
Mostly now, but I mean like, you know, I like nice art. I'm not necessarily, you know, a connoisseur or anything, but there's just something about the way the light is coming through the clouds there, it's beautiful,
beautiful.
That's
really funny. We actually, yeah, we actually, so we've been in this house a long time. There's a spot on the dining room wall, like a like a big wall. Yeah, I was just empty for many, many years and saying, you know, Because we we renovated 12 years ago, so roughly 12 years. We just couldn't find anything we liked. And my husband really prefers sort of realistic art. And I was looking at pieces and for that spot, I really wanted something a little bit more abstract and we just if I liked it he didn't like it if he liked it, I didn't like it. And we were like you know Even if it's not like a museum quality piece like I'm not going to spend $350 on a piece of art that one of us is sort of like I don't know. one of my kids was looking on art dot com and found essentially a poster that really looks like a painting
and it's a little it's the perfect balance. It's clearly a landscape but it's a little bit abstract. Like it doesn't really look like any specific place but you can definitely tell that it's supposed to be a landscape. And we were both like yes that's perfect. Mhm.
Anyone.
Yeah and you know it was one of these like I think it was $25 and they gave us the option of printing it on regular paper or on this fancy texture paper that turned out to make it look like an actual painting. and two piece of art was $25. And then it was like $300 to get it framed. But But.
Okay. Exactly. And better. $25 for the art and $300 for framing. Than $300 for the art and $300 for the framing. So I think it all worked out. Okay.
That's really cool. Do you happen to do you happen to know the artist's name?
That's very cool.
Yeah. Certainly. This was we said you know back in the old days before all this happened. So um you know some not so not so easy when the kids were little but managed to travel a little and I'm hoping to be able to travel again in the you know and the not too distant future.
Thank
you.
It's an interesting idea. I hope so. Right. You know probably
we probably need to let life settle down a little bit first
now I think we both really enjoy it. But he like when things are more normal he travels more for work. My work is really like at home on the computer and more of his is um he's traveling so when he's traveling a lot for work he's much less enthusiastic about traveling you know for recreation. And then when he goes through periods where he told more than the idea of getting on a plane again is more appealing. So you know I hope we will at some point.
Oh gosh I've never been to France. I would really like actually went to see the first place I really would like to go to see my mother. I haven't seen my mother since I guess I haven't seen my mom since january because I was never supposed to see her in april and then you know things were really bad here in april and there was just where she was, it was even worse. There was just no way. And even now things are bad enough to, it's her birthday next week we were talking about she's about four hours away. We're going to go and just have lunch with her outside. Yeah like outside of her house but the weather is supposed to be really bad that day so I don't think we're going to do it will have to wait and see. Um But you know after that I'd really like to go to France. Let's see Um
all of the, all of the above, all of the above. Yeah. So what have you been doing for the summer?
Oh, I totally get that. So what have you been doing? Where are you working?
I don't know what that is,
Do you work in the kitchen or like a server
and
and where you are, can people come into the restaurant and see the tables to eat?
I know. Yeah, and then mostly people here are pretty good about it, but there are people like, like I'm not going to wear a mask because I'm not afraid like that's fine, but I'm wearing this mask for your benefit, so you like maybe you're not afraid, but I'm a little bit like you do this like you're doing it so you don't spread it.
Like we're making you wear pants and you're not fussing about,
they actually might not be wearing seatbelts, so
You know, sometimes you just gotta have to shrug your shoulders. People are strange.
it was asking about your summer because my middle the daughter who's still in college was supposed to be working at a hospital this summer.
She was supposed
to be working
with, working with the doctor doing research with patients and they just there like, no way. No way. And so she had this set up maybe in october and then it completely fell apart and she's been able to sort of piece things together, but like you she just, you know, she doesn't like sitting around not having enough to do
and
it
should, it shouldn't um like, you know, she was able to take a class um and it's not like any other student had different, you know, like every student who was supposed to do that kind of thing this summer wasn't able to do it, but you know, it's going to be interesting to see what happens later. I because it's just you know, this whole time has messed up so many people's plans.
Yeah, exactly. They call it something different. But yeah, it would have been a, I don't know if it's specifically like what med school admissions offices want, but where she's at school, there's like a, like a little team of people I guess that's part of, you know what it is. But there's like somebody to help students who want to go to law school and somebody to help students who want to go to medical school to make sure that they're sort of ticking all the boxes that the admissions offices are going to want to see. And they strongly advise that the pre med students do a certain amount of like lab research and then a certain amount of research if they can find a doctor to work with where they're actually doing work with patients. Which is not so easy because when you're still in college there is really not so much you can do. But if you know you know doctors who work in hospitals especially like teaching hospitals often have you know like research projects going on with their patients. And she was supposed to be helping anesthesiologists do research with his patients. But it's a very big city hospital. And he said no you know we said we don't even want the medical students here, we absolutely do not want extra people here. So so that was the end of that. So she took she took another one of her pre med classes so that she won't have to take it. I can't remember. She was supposed to take it in the faller in the spring but she won't have to take it in the coming year. Mm. Just try to find something to sort of meeting that requirement for next summer.
Not necessarily, I think she's not sure what kind of doctor she wants to be, but you know, so you know when you're an undergrad, it's not so easy to find these positions and she was able to
find this anesthesiologist and he was so excited about the idea of having a student because it's like research he's always wanted to do, but he doesn't have time to go sort of,
you have to talk to, you have to talk to the patients to be able to explain what you want to do and then talk to them afterwards etcetera. And when he's busy like doing anesthesiology, he doesn't necessarily have time to do the research part. So he was so he was so excited about it. Yeah.
Yeah, exactly, exactly. It really is okay. So according to my stopwatch, We started like 30 minutes ago. So
I think we are probably good.
Okay. Excellent. Well it was very nice meeting you.
It's
It's
But they thank
you for checking
baby. Thank you and good luck with the rest of your summer and I hope that the transition back to school goes really smoothly.
Thank you. Thank you. I appreciate that.