how you, Can you hear me?
Yeah I can yeah how's it going?
it's a little bit earlier than I thought I was going to be scheduled but it's all good.
Oh yeah same thing happened to me. Yeah
I think your video cut out.
No I can hear you. I guess we can wait a minute see if it comes back.
No um it says on their t to try to like maybe exit out and then restart the chat.
I love you dad and then see maybe that works. I can see you now. Yeah can you hear me okay
good deal. When do you go to work?
You repaired,
you're ready
for this?
I am yeah I am in Arkansas so it's seven, I don't know what time zone you're at this. seven a.m. Here?
else do you have any kids that live with you or anyone else?
exciting. I am about to go back to college. So I live at home and parents right now, but I'm super excited to go back.
I go to a pretty rural school. I say role is still about analysis students. So the plan is that we're all going back with face mask and like a bunch of kind of pretty stringent procedures in place, what kind of planning phase about as time goes on and things are going well, but is playing right now. So I'm just like, I don't care to wear a face mask. I'm all go that as long as I get to go back.
Uh is she? That's not really her thing.
That's going to make it 10 times more difficult to be honest. Doing
Yeah. I took a biology class and that's how it ended with everything you do online. And it was like it was much more difficult without having like your classmates to kind of help you through the difficult parts. I bet your your 18 year old just graduate high school. Was he disappointed and cut quite like in the way?
Well hopefully
her freshman
year like won't be too difficult for her, you know, It won't be too like do. Yeah.
I'm setting this as an economics and then I plan to go to grad school after I graduate. All things going well.
I
like
it.
Um, I like to work somewhere in the government so I don't know what your your son or your daughter and you see that do, but they'd be cool to end up there. Looks like your video could have again. I just like always.
Yeah, I guess. Yeah, I'll let you know a second. It is still out. Maybe they will resolve itself.
Yeah. I haven't had this problem before, have you done a lot of,
Well you see.
Well I reloaded the page to see that would maybe like kick started and it did work so. Yeah.
Is D. C. Pretty close to eu in Maryland?
Okay. Do you like living there or this is like is this about you and end up?
Oh yeah, definitely. Yeah. Did you ever think about moving anywhere else or was this like you were good to live here for life?
and like the same
house?
I lived in Memphis Tennessee for fears. But I lived in Arkansas within the state for pretty much all of it. Yeah. So I do really like the where I live, I live in like Bentonville, which is like the home office of walmart. I know walmart is a big and
new,
in
in
Bensenville. Oh, that's crazy. Yeah, so it's sort of like a suburban area because there are quite a lot of people here for walmart and there's a lot of things to do because walmart kind of brings it in, so I can't imagine living anywhere else in Arkansas, but I do I can't see myself living outside Bentonville, you know the nowhere else in Arkansas, but maybe somewhere else besides defensible. So
yeah, my parents broke away from Little Rock um the capital, but they were brought from Memphis to bench filled for walmart to working with walmart. Mhm.
Yeah. Small world, that's me that your friend will commute there.
well they have their
Yeah, well I think they kind of built an airport here just for like pretty much for walmart. So we do have like a small airport that a lot of people fly in and out of if you imagine they probably were pretty busy walmart. So pretty ruthless company to be honest. So that they keep her pretty. I do
Yeah. I'm sure she doesn't have an off day.
But is this
what's
this thing out your window? But I think
yeah I don't
think
I'm understanding we're looking at.
that makes
sense.
That's so funny.
I've never
seen one.
Does it like walk? Yeah.
It's pretty small but I've never seen one of those before. That's fun.
Do a lot of homes in your area come with basements.
Is that just like how it's I know
that's funny. This is not basements aren't like a huge thing where I like but I know in like ST louis everyone has like a basement. Yeah.
are we do quick get quite a few tornadoes. So a lot of homes come with storm shelters or it's a pretty popular thing to get. Um I imagine.
so
lot
of, yeah a lot of them are outside assumed the more in like your garage which I never understood because like if your car is parked over it you had to move the car to get in there. But I had my parents had a house um that was like there was a storm shelter like the door was like right in front their fireplace which seems like an inconvenient like eyesore. But it was in their house but we don't have one because there aren't that big of a deal. But there have been homes destroyed north and south of us. So. But I guess
you probably don't have, you don't have a lot of tornadoes in Maryland.
Yeah. Do you get like earthquakes? I'm not really sure where the fault lines are.
Yeah. Do you ever drive up to like main I heard like means pretty pretty like 10 years? I've never been. So I was wondering if it's good.
Okay. That's more than I thought it was. My geography.
Imagine like being in europe, you know like you drive six hours of like, you know, probably Switzerland and you end up in a completely different country. Okay.
Oh, thank you. I got it. Um I spent last summer in spain on a study abroad program and I met an artist that I really liked as I re contact her again because I saw this painting on her instagram and I was like I have to have it with the United States. Mhm.
Yeah, it was a little bit of like an act of faith because her second language is english and while her english was very good, it was not a native speaker in language So we couldn't really set up but like she couldn't really listed. So I just I just sent her like $350 or paypal and just hope that she was going to mail it to me. Yeah.
Yeah, I really do love it. Unfortunately hobby lobby did kind of scratch and when they framed it but which may be super but I still really do love and I'm keeping it for a long time.
Yeah, so it's kind of like a little so there's kind of pills and all this, the like a little sort of like a girl. But I guess I would say, well, are you a big fan of art?
I think I'm probably pretty similar. Like my mom is really into art and I do appreciate some art, but like, I don't like
anything that's like abstract or like, you know, Cuban is um or you know, I don't like Compal complex heart. I guess I should
say. Simpleton.
All
Is
what I want.
That's how it goes.
There's this artist and mom really likes who like, it's like over here just like she's still alive, but she does. There's like, they're super small, like about that big. But they look like they're three D. Like it's like a little animal and they're always like poking out of the frame. Like they're looking at the frame and like it's so detailed that it looks like it's like a globe like it looks like the animals actually like leaping out the flame frame. It's so cool.
Oh my goodness. I follow her on facebook, somebody taking a second but they're so detailed. I don't know how she does it but if you look at them and they really do look like a three D. Piece of little animals, they're so cute. They're always like little mice or like little birds or something. Yeah.
Do you travel much in the New York area like you seem like I mean even the same place for 25 years so imagine you want to get away sometimes?
Do you think you and your husband travel more now that like your all your
kids are
growing up?
morning?
Does one of you like traveling more than the other?
Where would you want to go first?
We're like the paris or would you rather go like it's sort of like south of France like when you're
Um So I got a job so we are sent home this March as well, so I kind of after like staying at home, I think I stayed on for about March april it's probably two were probably more like at the I think I started a job at the beginning of june so I stayed home for a few months and then they kind of like let up a little bit so I wear masks all day at work um and do like a lot of different safety procedures, but I'm glad to be like out of the house and kind of like working a little uh just because I like I do like to stay really busy so as much as I love to paint on my family in such a mom, I do like this, having something to do all day.
I don't know if you have them there. I work out like Mcallister's,
it's a little bit like a yeah, it's like not as nice to sit down restaurant, but it's not like it's nicer than like a fast food. So like you bring food out to them, but it's like a deli, like a double level restaurant style.
Yeah, I'm servers, I just like I bag of food and take food out. So pretty much certain.
So
yeah, so you have to wear a mask when you first come in and when you leave and then you want to wear a mask, place, sit down, and then we're at limited capacity. So a lot of our tables are exit off for like people just like this sense away from each other and then it's crazy, people come in and they're like so angry about having to wear a mask and I'm like, then don't come to eat, you know, like Mhm. We're also seeing like we just went our whole like area that we're supposed to all wear masks now that we're outside. People get so worked up about it. I don't know. That's crazy.
Right. Yeah. Yeah. I think it seems like here a lot I do live like in the South Sea Islands could be big into their individual freedoms. So I think a lot of people see is like, you know, true, a challenge to their individual freedom. And I'm like, we also make you wear a shirt when you come in. It's like that's not a challenge, your freedom, you know? You know?
Yeah. You were as you felt, you know, that's not challenged your fruit, you know,
mystery and so, you know, no one is upset when I ask you to like not be naked so like just cover your face, you know? But
it's a strange world to be honest. Yet. Only gets stranger is the older I get. Mhm.
How
are
the cream?
Is
that gonna push her back as a pre med student?
Like is that going to interfere?
Yeah. Has it's disappointing first though? So I'm just gonna, it's like, like I was going to internship so I just would have been like an internship for her.
Is that what she told me Be sort of like going to answer ideology?
Oh yeah, I get weak.
Back.
Well, that's a bummer. Let's disappoint for him as well. You know that he doesn't get to.
I think,
Yeah, I think we've ended like six minutes into the first one, but I think we should be good. This is mine says 32 on the, on the main page.
I'm sorry. I try to look at that artist. I could not find her. But
did you ever
see it's greedy
business.
We'll have a great day.
I hope you get to see your mom soon.
Yeah. We'll have a great day.