Hello? All right, Can you hear me okay?
hot.
I'm nice to meet you, kim.
Alright, I get through. It is supposed to have a conversation for 25 minutes.
So I guess what's your favorite color and why?
so my favorite color is hot pink, even though I don't really wear it, I just like it to accessorize because I think it's just bright and fun. So yeah. Um Are you a student then?
Well,
I wasn't.
Oh, nice, nice. Um
is that what you got your undergrad in?
Nice. Do you like
it?
What's
um what's the end goal, like what's your dream job with that degree?
I mean,
um so I I've been out of school for about two years, I got my
undergrad
degree. I mean,
I'm not that old story. Um but I got my undergrad degree in opera performance, so I'm
musician, so that's what I do.
X. Mm. Um Yeah, the goal ultimately, I guess, Um I do want to teach at the collegiate level. I've been working towards supplying the master's programs, obviously with like the current situation, like performances are a little weird right now. So I'm kind of, I'm making myself at least like wait another year, another semester to see how that's going to play out. But
Well I have on, some of my friends are like either still in college and grad school and they're
like, yeah, my lessons
are online, like it's the most
awkwardly ever.
Um Yeah,
I guess. What do you like to do for fun?
Yeah,
I thought
the same thing. I live near a bunch of parks, so my friends
and I will just go and spend hours there. Um, I really like to cook, especially now having a lot of free time and a good path time.
Um I also work in a bakery department at a grocery store right now for
like just like supplemental income, so lots of
off the treat.
Oh yeah and like if stuff like gets damaged out or whatever like you cut a piece of cake wrong, they'll just like sample it, you're like okay
more or less what is like the craziest job you've ever worked in college like?
sounds
like
it.
I bet. Um I was never in like greek life in college, but I guess since you work a lot with them, like what's the most common problem that you think kids these
days?
Well.
And. Yeah. Yeah I
went to a big school for undergrad, it was like in one of the big 10, so
we had like a very active greek life and like I said, I was never part of it, but like I would go to a couple parties with my friends and I was like, this is so not my feet, so that's really cool.
I like to crazy. I guess like what I was thinking of is like my very first job, I was 15 and I worked at a frozen yogurt store
And it was fun, but they like didn't have enough employees to like properly stab them. So like I would be left alone to close the store a lot. I'm like, you're 15 years old. I'm pretty sure it's illegal to like be alone, like counting the register and yeah, so that was kind of insane. And then I quit and then three months later they closed down. So I'm like,
what? Mm we're
in.
Yeah. Yeah, so um I mean like aside from the bakery and everything um I still do freelance musician work um I sing in a quartet for professional church choir, and we've been we've been doing like distance recording, so we'll still meet at the church
but we have to be all spaced out. Um
Yeah, it's cute, it's I mean like we can still hear each other relatively well, but like um I really miss singing in like a big group of people,
so
that's
hard.
yeah, so they're still doing um like broadcasting live stream services, the goal they're
trying to open up in september but like only have a certain number of people and I think when they do that they might have like more services throughout the day. Um
So I don't know, it's it's like kind of a mixed bag of feelings, I'm like how everything's going to come back, but they're they're still trying. Yeah.
Yeah, I mean, I feel like
an outside service would be nice, especially if the weather is good. Mhm.
Oh no, See I have like the opposite um because like where I am, it's not like a big city, but like people like to freak out over little things,
like, so any time, like there's a big news announcement, everybody's like full blown panic even though our cases
are relatively low. Um But my hometown is in colorado and they're doing fine because like
it's the mountains and wilderness. Mhm.
well,
I mean like, I feel like areas like that, like beaches and like parks and national
forests, like you can keep those open because it's like so spread out, think
they'll be
Well, isn't it awkward though? Like if you're on the sidewalk to and you see like people approaching you like whatever I do whatever I do and then you do like the shuffle or whatever and yeah
he turned away. Yeah.
My
Yeah. Well strange times.
now. Yeah. Oh my gosh. This one time I used to work at the register, the grocery store before I transferred departments And this is like back in like early March two when like it got really serious
and this one woman was like you're young, I'm so sorry you have to live through this.
It was like yeah I mean I've done with words I hate to say but All right.
What
he never
Mhm. All right. I just thought that was not funny but I was like really taking it back. I didn't know what to say.
I'm
sorry.
I mean I feel like I hate to say that I like it might sound like I'm not taking it seriously. I do like and I would take it like farmer seriously. Like I was you know working at a nursing home or something. But yeah, it's um I can't imagine like for people who are either like caretakers or like take care of their grandparents
and like if there are age it's like they
don't
get
much social interaction anyway. So. Yeah.
that's
good.
can she
go
out on her board?
wow.
Well
I'm
glad to yeah, I'm glad she has you were like wait
to event
stay scene.
and no um I'm a very social person so like I really do miss going out to bars and like meeting people. It was like a thing I saw that there was like can there be an essential bar for the essential workers to go after their essential shifts, so um but I mean like uh I'm the only one of my family who lives in this area, so that's been kind of hard not being able to see them, but I still face time my parents and my sister a lot.
Yeah and like my coworkers are my friends, so like we feel okay hanging out with each other because we're in close quarters anyway. Um
Yeah. What about you? Oh.
There you go.
You got
to keep it.
that's awesome. Yeah, I know a lot of people who like, we're thinking of either breaking off something when it started and then they're like, no, because we're gonna be lonely and I need human interaction for a little bit good. Yeah,
no, unfortunately not. Um I do have some friends though with either relatives that I've passed or have contracted it, but a lot of them were like the older demographic. Um But my grandmother passed away in february literally right before all this happened
like from natural causes. So um that was like the only thing that would have been a big concern. Um But we're kind of like grandma picked a good time to go.
thank you. Yeah it's
Yeah. Yeah she had the onset
of vascular dementia, so it was
like we had some time to you know,
let
her go. But yeah. Uh huh.
But yeah, other than that um What about you? Oh
that
no
now.
Yeah
there
was
like
I feel like well I did hear about something like one of the other like local
grocery stores in my area, like someone had tested positive for it, but then they wouldn't tell us like which store like we want. Um But I mean like everything everybody in my workplaces and fine um Yeah, pretty ambiguous at this point I'm like, okay. Either, you know, we have an every down or Yeah.
Running.
Guy.
My god. I feel like
at that point though, like wouldn't the company like give them leave or like require them to stay home?
Well that sucks.
No.
go ahead.
That's crazy. I mean we should all just work
for us
has some
right? All right. Yeah, man, I wish my company did more stuff like that. Like we um for a couple of months, like we could call off work unlimited. Um Like if we were feeling like sick or like had symptoms. Um
But
then that ended in june and there were people who were like definitely taking advantage of it and like not showing
up to work for like weeks. Uh
Now.
Mhm. Yeah, me neither. I mean there are a couple of people that we were like, once this ends, like are they gonna get written up or we'll see
this
is.
No.
I've.
Oh my god. I mean that apple see that like even teachers would, you know, try and use that as an excuse. I'm like, do you know how shitty it must be to be like graduating this year too? And like all of your finals are online, like you get like some recognition, but like you don't get like a formal ceremony or anything like
all.
Often.
Oh. Oh my god. That I would like prefer that honestly to the problems I had in high school.
no.
You know what I mean? When I was in high school I did get my prom dress in like january like because
I was excited. Uh But yeah I mean okay so ordering clothes has been a bit of a struggle because I'm very small so like I need to go in and like try on pants and shoes. And I have like several items that I've ordered like thinking that they would be the right size and I have to go send them back and like it's such a petty thing to complain about but
never.
Yeah it's like none of that's gonna matter.
Mm P. J. S all day.
Yeah.
Wasn't there on whole,
Did
you hear about that company that had a zoom meeting? And the women like one of the women like took her computer with her to the bathroom. Thinking that like no one I believe or it's a nightmare.
Uh That's.
Oh my god! Did she ever
find out?
Yeah. Like honey we can see like there's a camera even if we
can see around. Oh so you said something about having like fake clients? What does that mean? Like do you have people who like sign up and like
that's what
for
Yeah.
yeah. And you're like I have all this information and I can't
do anything with it.
Then.
guess like what is um because
like I've got some friends and like the psychology field and everything. Um What are like the red flags? But like you have to report, I'm always curious about this.
If
moment.
Here's all the nerves.
Well
like this one's a doozy. Do you feel like
if you like we're faced with a situation like that you feel prepared to handle it?
no.
No.
I mean it's actually if it's like, you know, for their own good and protection and hopefully they don't understand that, but hopefully you never have to deal with something like that with your classmates. So.
Around
eggs I don't think. Um I only got like written up one time in the dorms
with I think like the um dorm services or whatever. I was at another dorm and they were having a party and decided to like throw their liquor bottles outside. And so like everyone of course like the I was called in the hall monitor. The alright alright. Like of course, you know, caught wind of it and had to write all of us up. But I was like in tears. Like, I don't even live in this story, but I didn't even throw anything. But I still had to like, they we all have to like um sit through like an alcohol counseling seminar that was like 20 minutes or whatever that they made, you know, everybody do that. But
um Yeah, that's the only thing I've been through that's comparable.
all right. Um
Oh, is there? They're timing this right? I just want to see. Yes.
I think so. Well, I'm confused because they said, do we have to leave this open for the duration or can we just close it out?
Video.
we can click out of the video. They want the other page. Well, oh my gosh, it was so nice to talk to you, kim.
Yeah. Best of luck with everything you continue to do. I have so much respect for psychology and the work that you guys do so.
please
thank you. All right, well, enjoy your weekends and
have a good thing.