but Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. No. Mhm. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay wishes mhm. Thanks please. Thanks. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. But santa which is the best? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Okay. I appreciate Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Thank you. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. But Mhm. Yeah. Yeah and then. Uh huh. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
Yes I can. Can you hear me awesome
high? I'm cute
and I see if you too.
I guess so yeah
my favorite color screen, it's actually one of the colours of my sorority, kappa delta. What's your favorite color and why?
Yes I am a student, I'm a
grad student actually um yep. For
a counseling program
I mean
I've got my undergrad in psychology and professional writing
quickly.
Yes, I love it. Yeah
it's
I want to be a counselor but I also want to get my PhD in psychology and become a psychologist and also professor, there's a lot of steps along the way. I just want to be a student forever honestly. But yeah. What about
you? What do you do?
Do
you think
often?
What? Yeah.
That's so cool,
That's smart. Especially because I can't imagine doing your first semester of grad school, especially in like a performance art field online. Like what do you do? Just like sit in front of your screen and try to record the best audio possible
and
well,
well
that is very awkward. Mm hmm.
Yeah.
Um I like to go hiking. I've been doing a lot of that, especially now that I get to work from home and I get to do school. From whom? That's been a lot of fun. Um I've been playing animal crossing all the time. Yeah.
What about you?
Hi.
Thanks.
I don't.
Next.
that's
fun. Do you get a snack while you're there?
that's a magazine. That sounds like a dream job right there.
mm I haven't had that many crazy jobs. I guess my graduate assistantship is kind of crazy right now. I'm the graduate assistant for fraternity and sorority life, so basically I just make sure the greek students don't do anything too stupid and I make sure they're doing like what they're supposed to be doing. So like I'll have meetings with them like once a week or once every couple weeks and like have you done anything stupid recently? Like have you been keeping up with your classes? Are you going to get on academic probation this year? I hope not. It's a fun job, New
things
every
day.
true.
I think just them getting overwhelmed because like the university and that is not a party school at all, which is weird
because my undergrad was like the one getting in trouble for like hazing and like drugs and alcohol, which is hello, is expected with students in general. And so I was very shocked to come here and find that everyone's really relaxed and the only thing that's really a problem was just being overwhelmed by school. Oh
Uh huh.
Maybe.
it's been around. What about you? Do you have any crazy college jobs?
darling.
You were keeping them alive? Nice.
Are
you working now?
member,
that's cute.
Does
your
church,
do you like online services or they started kind of like coming back in with in person services?
What?
Nothing.
And a couple of churches in my area have like started to invite people back, but they're very social distance, some of them are outside since everyone just spread out. But still there.
Bye.
live in a fairly like it's medium sized area and so like there's a lot of cases, but like it's not like a big city and we're not like dying over here, we're just kind of like staying inside. I know that uh my hometown is actually like surging back up and freaking out again. Yeah.
I
no.
Thanks.
Yeah, I know that like a lot of the beaches um in south Carolina where I'm from have started like closing things off again and I'm going to the beach next weekend. So I'm like, I hope
things will be open as long as the beef is open, I'm fine.
And
Although
I did go hiking a couple weeks ago and I saw like at least 30 people that I had to like pass by super close and I was like, no coronavirus for you.
We're like, whenever I forget like if I'm walking like hiking alone and I don't have a mask on and then people like come after you with mass, I'm like, sorry.
I'm like,
I didn't think I'd see people. Yeah, actually,
but then I go to walmart, nobody's wearing a mask, so that's fun.
No.
And
I feel like we're in like the best situation, like at least we're not old or like,
I don't know your situation, but like I'm not like high risk. So
uh huh Yeah. So it really should be us saying like sorry to them because they're the ones that could be really harshly affected.
this is really hard to have a friend who's like super social distancing because she lives with an elderly person and a couple of high risk people and then she hangs out with like another elderly person on the street. And so like every time I see here it's like 10ft apart, like we're waving at each other, she'll set something down for you. Like come get and it's very social distance that she's she's really good about it though. I'm impressed.
I don't
think I could be that good about it. Yeah.
No, no,
I
don't
know.
But I tried to video chat her like a couple of times a week just so she
doesn't
go crazy because she's definitely going crazy. She's been like mostly inside like she goes and does the shopping for the family, but like other than that she has to stay in the house. Yeah,
she
has siblings
so she can like hang out their siblings, but otherwise like she's got to stay within her like little area around her house. Yeah,
I
couldn't
imagine.
Thank you.
Has
your life otherwise like social life changed a lot since this happened? Uh huh.
that's good.
true.
a little bit like um of course I was going into like the university to work and then going to class and so I'd see people all the time and we go downtown and like go out to bars and restaurants afterwards, last night's and um or coffee shops, stuff like that. And so that's changed a lot. I've saved a lot of money, but I do still hang out with people quite a bit and I started dating a guy like at the beginning of all this mess.
Well,
I've got
before actually was like February five that we started dating and then a month later coronavirus hit and we're just like. we could hang out because recording keeping, but also hanging out. Yeah. So he's been like one of the main people that have spent time with since this all started.
Have you known anybody who has been diagnosed?
recover.
Yeah, I guess so. I'm sorry that happened, but
like she didn't have to live through the coronavirus mess.
What?
True
The
process.
Mhm.
I've done a couple of people who like had it and got over it and then I've known a couple of people who passed away from it, but I have been done
a ton of like people especially like, I don't think I've come in contact with anyone who's had it. Um One of my coworkers was on a video chat the other day and she said that all her friends have gotten it and she
works at like, I think Longhorn and I was like, I am not going to long horn because
literally the whole staff has had it now and I'm like, mm, like me there. Okay,
Ask
you.
It's
like as soon as they get a negative test, they can come back. Mhm.
From.
My typical walmart has an employee group chat and some screenshots got shared around from one of the employees that like somebody had coronavirus on staff and they told them to keep it a secret and keep coming
to work. Why do you talk about walmart right now?
It's been over two weeks now so I could probably go back. But
All
Um I think so. I don't think they give them like paid leave that like I think it was like an hourly worker and if they didn't come to work they wouldn't get paid and like maybe they'd get unemployment, but it didn't seem like it from the way the group chat was going afternoon.
Uh huh. Have you seen a thing about like service workers like restaurant servers and hostesses and like other restaurant workers getting bonuses to sign on?
That was wild. I was like I wish I lived in one of these states because servers are getting like $1,000 bonuses just to like sign on with the restaurant because so many people quit or not quit. But like said they had coronavirus and like got put on unemployment So that they could get the $600
because that was more than they were getting paid.
Up.
Honestly I've
been watching for them to do it here so I could get like a little side job.
You
know?
You know
True. I'm not surprised. But also like if you actually have current effects
like there, I haven't really known anybody to like fully get fired or like not able to come back to work because it's so
Yeah. I don't
think
anybody would like really get in trouble for the effects of coronavirus though because
like you can't really argue that excuse. Yeah. I'm in this facebook group called Pandemic pedagogy and it's a bunch of like professors and teachers and just like university workers all over the country. And every time somebody posts in the group like blaming their students for not doing well, the rest of the group attacks them and says
like you can't hold anything against them. They're in a crisis like you cannot punish them for like not doing well. It's wild.
Yeah my boyfriend's little brother uh didn't have a problem because he was graduating this year and
so we threw him a backyard prom and it was perfect because he had just started dating somebody and so he got to dance with his new girlfriend in
his backyard. From.
Yeah. It was one of the better problems that I've ever seen. I
was shocked that everybody was like able to find dresses. I mean maybe they had them before but like there's not that many clothing stores open.
Him.
Yeah, I'm just being able to go into fitting rooms because
like I can't buy friends like that either. So I have just been like not clothes shopping, but I work from home so like I can just wear anything.
Like I am totally enlightens right now.
I had to do a video recording of a counseling session this morning with my fake client because I can't have real clients yet, but I cannot fake clients. And so I put on this like nice fancy top. It's a jewelry and like made myself look all nice. But I was still wearing the likings because no one else. Okay.
Oh
part
I'm
Some of my classmates have been doing like tele counseling, like over video chat, um, for the past few months. And um, they've had stuff like that happened like one of them had a client and she was just like sitting on her bed and she like went up to go get something and she didn't have anything on below her waist. The classmate was just sitting there like do I say something? Should I close my eyes? Like what do I do in that situation?
But
I think,
no, I don't, I don't think the counselor mentioned anything. The counselors pretended it didn't happen. And I was like, I would say something. I feel like put some pants on
actually.
No, they're my classmates. So I'll get assigned a classmate and they'll be my like client. But they don't have to talk about real issues. They can if they want to but they don't have to and
then
I pretend to counsel them. Yeah. Yeah.
In one of the previous classes that we did this like in person we were almost like mandated to talk about real issues. It was like encouraged to the point where if we made something up we would probably get a talking to. And so my whole class was like shared all of their like issues. It's really awkward. It was like I didn't need to know any of this
pretty
actually. And then we had like a couple clients like get very close to mentioning things that you'd have to call like the police or
an ambulance over. And it was very awkward. So I'm hoping the rest of my counseling program, we don't have to talk about things like that because I don't want to send any of my classmates to the hospital. Uh huh.
No
if they
threatened to harm themselves or others. If they talk about abuse towards like a child or towards someone elderly who's in
like a like a compromise position or state. Um Let's see if the court says you have to. And if you're transferring a client to a new counselor then um as long as your client agrees to be transferred to the new counselor then you can hand over all of your like documents and stuff.
here's the notes. Read them over. Have
fun.
But
I think so. But I
also think that if it was a classmate it would be really awkward. Like if it's a client who's like coming to me for like services like that I'm providing professionally. I think it would be fine because I know what to do. But it's a classmate. I don't I don't want to see my classmates to the hospital
and I'd have to and it would be a really awkward conversation in class later.
I got that there like in my undergrad to like there were times where we had to like because I had an internship that was with mental health service and so we have to call dSS sometimes, or we'd have to um like report parents to child protective services.
And then a couple of times we didn't have to send people to the hospital,
What?
better.
That's pretty crazy. All right.
Uh huh.
I believe we have finished our 25 minutes. Oh, but I don't know how to study. Just close the tab out
leave. What opened the survey thing where
you click the link? Yeah.
I stopped you, too.
Thank you. You too. Best of luck with your graduate programs. That's
super exciting.
Thanks, you too
hurry by.