Hello.
I good my name's Alexandra
lily.
It's a little fuzzy I think but I think I've done this before
so they eventually sort of um focus out, it's just internet connection stuff. Yeah. How
are you today?
I was just listening to a podcast so yeah.
My
favorite my favorite murderer.
Which other you
like true crime?
yeah
Arab.
I like uh well I like um my favorite murder and then um criminal
having
them.
Yeah they've referenced her on my favorite murder before. It's the host times Phoebe judge and she has this very
recognizable voice and it's just really well produced and.
No it's it's really good. She's had some really great episodes where you're just oh my god, you
know so so it doesn't just do, she doesn't just like gruesome, a lot of gruesome stuff, it's kind of different aspects of criminality.
Like one lady used to sell, sell and make pot brownies in the 70s so that was criminals to talk to her. And then um
there was some other, yeah that's a good one. Some one really good one. Um They had a couple of episodes they had somebody who whose identity was stolen and you find out who it is. You're just kind of shock. It's a really good
one. Yeah
Have you seen I'll be gone in the dark. Um
Um It's the it's a golden state killer. Yeah.
Yeah so it was when Patton Oswalt's wife died she was writing the book about it and um he died before it got released so some of her um journalist
friends did it work better?
Yeah. No that's all right. Um
So they tested uh they did on HBO they did a what is it a uh a show about the book and and her um
3rd
for him. It was really good and it's sad but
yeah you get more into it about how kind of she's his final victim, so to speak, you know because
yeah she was using substances to like manage anxiety doing this people um diving to him so I can understand that for sure.
Yeah, I just like Georgia um carano Georgia will say. Yeah I was just watching forensic files like and I've seen episodes a million times and like I need a break, you know?
they say it's um it's a uh it's kind of like preparation for women like so you know, but I actually, so my undergrad is in criminal justice and in my math is in psychology so I tend to be a therapist, I was wanting to go to your um work in the prison system but it's a bit, I'm I'm on hey, I just
at the moment but yeah those are right up my alley as far as interest.
Okay. I actually live near san Quentin so they have a gift shop that you can buy the prisoners arts and crafts for
where are you? Can I ask?
So
well I mean I'm in Berkeley so
that's
Yeah. All right. Yeah. I haven't talked to anybody in California yet as well. Um What other podcasts you listen to like?
No
I
lead, okay
I like this
fiction. No, it I like the spooky stuff but I do the true, like true ghost stories and stuff. I like those. What did you say?
One more time it sounds kind of like um it's radio theater for our days were writing back, we can do multiple things at the time. Um See
if do you have to listen to anything ghost?
I like that. I like that one a lot because the host, his voice is really soothing.
It
does he does music for it. Um And
there's some other ones. What is it one that you might like? It's called Radio rental?
Have you
heard about?
The guy is Dwight from the office is kind of like a character on it and spooky stories that are true that people tell.
It's
good.
I've spent a lot of this sort of one off podcast, like pretty john A
Good one. And like as uh town
and we
heard it's called S town.
It
okay, it stands for shit town actually, but they call it a sound. Um Yeah, no podcast beginning are just so good at it. Uh
Okay. Um there's another one called the shrink next door
with
friends.
Yeah. You're kind of looking at psychology majors as well because it has to do it. This guy's shrink who like kind of took over his life for like 30 years and it's just, it's really crazy. It's really, it's
well done and it's just like, I mean I want, I don't want to spoil anything, it's just crazy. So
what are you wanting to
do with technology
you think?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah. Let me think. Yeah, I know it's forensic psychology, they were, there's a lot of places that they just do, they just have degrees in that that
you can
go and specialized and expensive. Um
Child psychology is pretty interesting, especially if you get in the school systems because some of those guys, you know, all they need is just one positive support and that can change a
lot, you know like if they're developing, oops. Um if they're developing like personality disorders or something like can kind of help them on the way to correct in that. So.
Yeah. There's a yeah there's a lot of choices.
And the hard thing with with with psychology is like you can get different degree, not license shirt. So like I pointed in M. F. T. And that's going to be different from somebody who um like who has society, you can do different kinds of testing with society. And especially with the government. I mean if you find you want to do something like with the government like working in the prison system, they usually want like a side as opposed them ft like
I don't really recommend social work per se. It's just a lot of horses but they can do the same thing as an F. T. So just I think they deal with more paperwork as well. Mhm.
Are you looking at grand schools?
but
but,
oh yeah. Well and there are some grad schools that are consider schools. Um So you could go down like once a month. That's the program I did you can go down last month and um it's just a little bit easier to do it that way I think.
But I think I'm not sure how much that stretches out the time. I think it's kind of um equivalent. That's the thing is kind of figuring out um Like I was looking at UC Berkeley and and more of like data and um clinical studying as opposed to actually working with clients. So it
all
depends.
good luck with
Well,
are you there was our schools is you're still going to be open and you intend
or?
All
I just I wouldn't really wouldn't want to be in school right now,
correct.
Yeah. Can I ask how old you are
1? Yeah. Because I just remember at the beginning kind of of the pants like they were saying it was like sort of buzzfeed the article and they were saying that like generations easy. I've never not lived through some kind of major event. I didn't think about that because I'm 33 I'm a lot older than I look. But I mean it was 14 like uh september 11th happened. So
I just I just never
thought about that like that. Is that I guess what's your I mean that's kind of heavy I guess. Ask
but
filter
well and debates science I I don't understand
I
mean
I
think it's it's different. Yeah I think it's different being from California and I mean I'm living I live here and from texas but um man
um
I've just been here forever, you know like for time and you get used to everybody just kind of homogenous thinking like yeah we should maybe you know follow science and uh they've done studies about California where it's like all these policies, environmental policies that we have um like You know they have like prop 65 where they have led in things like all these environmental policies actually do translate to living longer um than the rest of the country. Oh it's definitely a premium to that but i it's just hard to imagine other people thinking that way
and
it's kind of the words of the worst um The worst of american sort of individualism as well.
I mean it was it's like these are my
right, it's like, well
I mean
what about
Yeah, I it's kind of disheartening
seeing,
do you?
Yeah. Well I think, yeah, that's why you have that prevalence of um conspiracy theories, you know Gates and and the vaccine and Covid and whatnot. It's like everybody kind of has to feel like they have extra information that other people don't have, you know, as a way of feeling like in control of something
and yeah, so one of my friends, somebody that I just kind of new casualties through instagram and that and talked to like when this first was happening, he'd sent stuff on Bill Gates. Oh
most
definitely
quiet, you know? Oh yeah, that's not where my brain and then well I mean if you like psychology it's perfect right now with everything
going on in the world um with trump and sort of his thought process, you know of
how somebody with narcissism will just make reality,
make everybody question reality. It's kind of this mass gas lighting and he has enough followers
that are like yeah like news and then just
almost
speak. I'm like what what is happening? You know
what
what's a good thing to study though to
like
more
thinking here, you know we have well we chose a misogynist. Um
Okay
well moving on, what's that? Let's be Cherry what's making you happy lately
however they want
other than this.
Yeah, it's just practice practicing. It's good for psychology to or you can just be an observer.
So
I've been
staying
with.
huh.
Yeah. Um I've been spending more time with my dog.
Yeah she's um I mean I stay home anyway, I have a small arts business so that's what I do anyway um
stay home and listen to podcast and watch it and um make things um uh it's harder going out to the store, obviously they've just a craft store so I go every now and um
but no I just liked hanging out with my dog.
I
am.
We can hold on we can see if she can come in, sweetie, so this is sweaty.
she's a good girl and she's a little stinky, we're all getting quiet over here because we're not exercising as much like they're still dressed when you go out and so and I had foot surgery as well, so I'm like doubly um incapacitated you
um
That yeah I can't well I can't imagine um what it's like if you really are immuno compromised and not
to get out. But I've seen a bunch of um what is it things for for people like people put up flyers and stuff so that they they offer help to people who are compromised.
And yeah.
That's been nice. It's been nice to see people take care of each other a little
bit.
Do you live in dorms or in an apartment?
I've heard that. And then um is there was are they allowed to come back or I
think there is an important like being able to fulfill requirements.
Yeah. Um I just yeah
I don't even have an intelligent response. Everything is just so kind of a big outrage. Like not outrage but like um fatigue, outrage, fatigue you know like 2020 Jesus
You
know
like. Mhm. We're gonna have okay no interruptions. Maybe some earthquakes happening.
Oh yeah so I wanted to we're almost out of time but I did buy.
She's got yeah I just got a little time that hangs out because she's got 40s so.
Good luck with psychology.
So it's like a while. Yeah.