mm. Yeah. Yes mhm mhm mhm. Yeah mhm mhm mhm. Oh mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Up
yeah. Hi how are you?
nice to meet
you. I'm really, yeah. Well yes mhm
In this
who?
I'm all right. How about yourself?
What
podcasts?
Oh yes I I listened to my favorite murder too Yes
isn't it?
I do yeah
I watch a lot of it but I'm not the most educated and all this stuff so if you have any recommendations definitely
send them my way. Look.
Criminal. Okay I
think I heard of
that before.
No
Okay Yeah I'll definitely check that out.
All
that's nice
That's cool.
Cool.
that sounds really interesting.
No I haven't I'll be gone dark. Is that a movie?
heard of him
an old
right. Karen and Georgia talked about her. Right yeah I just forgot the title.
What?
Cool. I did
not know.
It's outside what happened to her, y'all
all right. Uh huh
yeah, That's so hard to do. Like talk about these things. Like I have a lot of respect for true crime. People like heavy stuff.
Exactly. Yeah, That's, that's my perspective too. Yeah, I'm really into it because I'm like a psychology major in school. So I am very interested in like deviant behavior. But also just my parents totally don't understand what I am like watching these things. Like isn't that disgusting and horrible? I'm like, but it helps us understand. But yeah, it is so hard sometimes to listen to it like.
We are.
Very cool.
Oh my gosh, that's crazy.
Yeah. Yeah, No problem. I'm in Davis, I don't know if you know where that is, California. Yeah, I go to UC Davis, I'm just here. Yeah, I normally
live in the area though, that's like when?
Oh wow. Yeah, So close. Yeah,
so I've done this before too. And like most of the people I've talked to living, like I think the last person lived in Washington and there was this person who lived in florida, I don't think I've talked to someone who's been in California too.
Um I used to listen to a lot more, I don't want a bit of a highest um I listen to this horror podcast called the Magnus Archives, I don't know if you've heard of it,
it's not really
true
It's
Sorry?
it's called the Magnus Archives and it's about this archive place in London where they like investigate like cases where people encounter like supernatural things and it's really cool. Like they do a really good job, highly recommend.
Mhm
Oh I've heard of it but I have not listened to anything goes straight. I'll check it out.
Yeah. Oh nice. I like
that.
Well
let me go. Yeah.
No,
I haven't.
I'm nice.
I like that.
Real stuff. It's even scared. Yeah. Yeah.
I've heard of an hour.
Sorry,
what?
S town? Okay. You cut
off for just like a second.
I know I want to get more into them but I feel like I don't even know where to start when I'm trying to find new ones, so this is really helpful. Three things
shrink
next
door.
Hello?
so long.
No,
and
I'm trying to figure that out. I am really into criminal justice so I want to check out forensic psychology but there's not a lot on it. I'm also interested in school psychology just because um
I'm really into like early intervention in schools, I want to help kids because like you get past the system to like lay it's just so much harder so that would be really cool. So
not really
sure. Yeah I'm trying to explore things.
I
had
Yeah
Mhm.
What? Yes so I'm deeply interested in that. That's a very new thing though. I've just I've been it's my senior year so I really am on that mindset right now so I've just been trying to explore things. I'm also a little bit interested in like organizational psychology and like I don't know if you've heard anything about that, There's not a whole lot of programs but you go into like workplaces and try to like study them and see what they could do better to make their employees happier because I'm into that diversity and inclusion stuff so it would be cool to help with that. I don't know
so many.
Yeah I guess that makes sense. Sad.
that's what I heard too, yep.
Kind of Yeah, I've been trying to check out all of the school psychology programs on the west coast because that's the one I'm like I think I'm the most sure I would succeed in but I don't know like I have sorry, I lost my train of thought but it's all
very overwhelming right now because like each school has different class requirements, different like test requirements. So I've just been trying to like put it all on the spreadsheet
so it seems more manageable.
definitely.
That's the
problem
with Davis too. You see these are all very researching. Yeah.
Thank you. It's a struggle but I'll figure
it.
So
it's kind of mixed right now since we're on the corridor system, they sort of have more time to figure it out since school doesn't start until September 30. But from what
it seems like all classes at least higher than 50 people will definitely be online and then classes under 50 people I think the professor gets to choose. So I'm not really sure what's going on yet. They're being very vague which I get it like the situation changes every day but it's just kind of a mess.
Yeah for real is like
I did um online for my last quarter, spring quarter and I swear I did not learn anything. It's so hard to process information like when you're in a pandemic and it's so stressful already and then online classes like make it even harder to focus. It's just the most like I don't know
I am 21.
Yeah I don't remember it at all. I was only too so
look
I
mean yeah it's really strange for sure but I mean it's just the worst
part, it's like I don't even think this pandemic would be so horrible if we just had like competent leadership dealing with it if you know what I mean. Like it's just stressful because it doesn't seem like the people who should know what they're doing do. So that's the worst part for me I guess. It's just like watching everyone do the wrong thing,
I don't
get
her man to
work
Uh huh
And
I
know
definitely
and
you're
to
die like what are you doing? So dumb.
It
totally yeah hard and it's like I
sort of get it, you know like these the people who don't believe in science have been I just think it scares them that they don't know more than these people and they feel very like self conscious about it almost. I don't know how to explain it but it's like they our world does not cater to them at all, They've been ignored you know like the poorer working class who like aren't educated, it's like of course you're not gonna trust education when education has not catered to you at all, but it's still just really frustrating to watch.
absolutely.
man,
thank
you.
thank you
Press
well
absolutely
So
sad.
Yeah how did we
get here? It's just mind blowing to me to think about.
definitely.
Yeah, it's been very
interesting.
Uh huh.
Right.
What's making me happy? It's a good question. Not on the forefront of most people's minds right now, but I guess it's been nice that I've had a lot of free time to myself, like I'm a very introverted person and I haven't had to have any awkward stranger interactions in like a long time, so that's good night.
Sorry what?
Yeah. Other than this yeah this is nice though, it like sort of helps me because because I've had less stranger interactions, like the few that I have have been even harder so it sort of helps me like be better I guess if that makes any sense.
Yeah, I enjoy
it. We don't what?
What
you
have. Yeah.
What's been making you happy?
Oh, that's great.
Only.
No,
that's great. What
kind of dog
I mean?
hello. She's so cute.
definitely. Yeah,
I'm sure a lot of people are having difficulty exercising
So stressful.
That's great.
And
that's
definitely the better part of this whole thing. At least some people are doing really great things for the people who can't go out. Yeah,
I live in an apartment off campus so thankfully it wasn't kicked out or anything that was horrible to see like all those poor international students who were just kicked out with a day's notice and had to like get flights even though there were no flights like oh my God. So stressful.
Sleep
right. Yeah. Like I think the Ice said that like if you don't have any in person classes, you have to go back like you don't get a visa anymore, which is just awful and horrible. So some colleges have been offering like a one unit class that's in person for all international students so they can stay, which is great. But obviously like I think eventually Ice took that decree out because like people were just so upset with it obviously like it's the worst like would do that. That's so me. It's not their fault, but this is happening
so
it's
been
the worst.
Of course it's the apocalypse.
All
Oh man, So cute. Yeah. All right. Have a great day. Hope you stay safe and healthy.
Thank you.