I mean,
Can you get down?
Better. How are you?
Good. My name is Deep G. It's a little weird.
Deep to, yeah. It's like,
Hey,
parents, that's a good one to, my parents were going to name me Sofia and then they set their minds on the way to the hospital and I was like,
why would you do that? Like I,
I was like, you guys must have been stressed like,
yeah, I'm making a last minute change. What made you decide to start doing prolific.
Yeah. That's what I think I just moved so I could, I was like, I need new furniture and everything is so expensive. Like even like, like just the most basic thing is like at least hundreds of dollars and I'm like fresh out of college. So I'm like, oh my gosh, I can't afford all this. I was like looking online for like ways to make money, especially with corona. Like it's this
little part.
Yeah. And I'm lucky that I worked remote, but I'm in sales, so I mostly like make money off commission and nobody wants to buy anything. Like I saw the businesses,
but all the businesses are struggling and so it's been tough. Yeah.
What
is that?
I
heard
about
that
time.
pipeline.
Yeah. And I was working for like three months and the Corona hit, so I feel like just
as I was
like getting into my groove and building my pipeline, then Corona happened and then I was calling like Alberta,
which is like the gas and oil industry in Canada. And so they're already struggling before Corona, so now I'm calling them and I don't even like reach anybody in the office and it's scary times.
I just
if they were already struggling, like they weren't prepared
for something like this, you know? Yeah.
It's such
timeline.
Tell her now like so distinct and it's so funny because in february like we were also carefree like complaining about like the weather if anything. And now it's like I can't leave my house to go grocery shopping.
Yeah. It's so hard. I don't know, it's a struggle, but
no, I'm in Chicago. Yeah. It's just
one
of my
tensions.
Oh really? I cost something California. That's so funny. That's when I only have five states in southern California is one of them. Yeah.
I'm having better luck with the southern states because you guys have reopened so,
but I think now you guys are starting to close again, so I'm running into the same situation.
I
agree.
It's not about politics at all. It's literally just about keeping yourself
like
if, yeah. And other people to like, and also so many people
are, I always put you this word, but like they don't show symptoms and especially young people, like actually two of my friends that Corona last week and the roommates and Well actually three of them did only four people live there. And we think it's just one is a sienna and another is a pharmacy tech. So they're both just like always at work and then the other roommate who like doesn't even go out that Corona and it was like there are only like 20, so we were shocked. So like, you know, there's something
wrong.
All
That's horrible. Yeah.
You know.
And money. Yeah.
And I feel like I'm in Chicago and I'm buying a lot of restaurants and they're all like out in the patio and like the patios are like this close apart, like this close apart. And then I know they go home to the suburbs like with their parents and stuff. And I feel like because young people like maybe we are not as likely to die
from it, but then they're finding that like you can have permanent lung damage or like the effects of it are permanent or, and just because you got it once doesn't mean you won't get it again.
And then Yeah.
It's scary because I think it has to happen in your personal life maybe for like people to really see like the danger of it and obviously like nobody wants it. So it's hard like I don't know how to get through to everybody, you know.
And then
ted Cruz I think he had it or he had to go
into
quarantine that at someone's hand and went back.
It was like two weeks quarantine. The first thing you do is shake someone's hand like
What have you been doing
to like
take your mind off curl now?
that's
good.
The
guilt.
Yeah.
It would just feel responsible like especially because you're her
caregiver like
I feel like it would just, it would feel so much more horrible. Yeah.
But I live alone so it's been so lonely. But
I saw my friends we have like a rooftop and we did like the six ft and the mass and Chicago
has like, I've been having really pretty sunsets and I just moved. So it was like nice to be able to see people because when I moved, my parents helped me. But like they were coming in shifts and like, because my parents, they're older too, so they're like very worried about it. And then, oh actually my cousin got married and um, but the girl who got married to her parents um would only let them live together if they were married and they were long distance for, I think already like 2.5 years
and
he lives in Canada
and she
lives in texas and like she couldn't come visit. And so they were already going to get married and like they just didn't move the date because of corona. And so they wanted us to come down and I think it's really hard for my parents to say no because like we're the only, we're the only family here and like the rest of my family's in the Philippines and, but like we just had like, you know, like they're so careful. Like they, like even about going to the grocery store, they're very similar. Like they change and like they're just so careful about not getting it that like together, the airplane to texas like, which is a hot spot right now. It just doesn't make sense.
frankly.
It's too much. And then like they were like, yeah, the warren will have like 20 people and my parents are like, oh my God, this is the whole thing like
cooking, like eating, drinking, like they're definitely just going to be masked off and then like, yeah, it's just too much. I don't know. It's such a hard situation like.
Economic
files.
True.
And they don't have any
law
right now. I think so. It's like if it's not at all
mandated then
No.
It's crazy.
And,
and like what they're
not.
That's
so funny.
Exactly.
Great.
Yeah. They make you feel like you're the one that's like not doing right or that's being crazy. And then like, but then later I look at the news, I'm like, okay, I'm not crazy, but
I look out the window and I see like I can see like restaurant patios from my window and I see like everybody eating and I'm like, but maybe I am crazy. So.
I
know.
And then I saw this tweet that a lot of nurses have been going out lately and I think it's hardest for them because I guess they see everybody going out and they were like, if anybody deserves to go out, it's me, which is true, but it starts just like vicious cycle like how everyone's going out. And it's like, because I feel like everybody
has some kind of justification in their head like, oh, I'll only go out once a month, or oh, I'll only go out there so I don't know about that. But then like everybody's out like
It's so human to like want to go
out and
to be jealous and stuff, but it really can like only take 11 day and I have to, I feel like I have to keep telling it to people so that I enforce it for myself. Like I'm like, okay now because like sometimes I'm like, okay, but what if I just go like once like everyone's going and then we know we can't. And especially my mom, she's like more at risk. So I like have to be extra careful especially, and that's why my mom is so careful. And then I feel bad cause I'm like all these people could just like go to jewel or like Mario the grocery stores. Like, you know, like, I don't know because you can't stop everybody. So especially because like it's not being ticketed and mandated like what am I supposed to do? Like, you know? Yeah.
It's like, and I'm trying.
What?
All
What?
Also I feel
like maybe it's a certain kind of person who's not really wearing the mask anyways, like they're very stubborn. Maybe I'm like it's not like they haven't heard it before. So I feel like
So I feel like they're more likely to be rude and like have an attitude with you about it then. But I remember my dad did the same thing. We were go straight shopping and the lady her mask slipped and he came back to the car. He was like I had to tell her like you have to put it back up. Like it was funny.
I love all day. It's
automatic.
They have. They
yeah, they have
the whole um you know Reddit? They have a whole Reddit thread dedicated to all D. And it's
so awesome. The show like different recipes they make with all these foods and like all the cheese boards and like deals that all D. And it's like, it's so funny that they have a whole Reddit, but it's also like people are so passionate about all day, but like it teaches me like what to buy. So when I go I look like a pro like thank you.
Yeah.
That
sounds so
good.
No, we haven't.
I
could use
They're like taking everything away year by year, but
it was
fun.
Yeah. Do you have a trader joe's by you?
They
have a whole read it. And then it's so funny because I have, even on Tiktok, there's whole channels dedicated to like trader joe's and like all their snacks and all their foods. And so funny these grocery stores have developed such like a cult following and it's like,
I love peter jones and I love all day. I feel like also they have all day has the best wine and they like actually one like awards for their wine especially when they do blind taste testing. Like even there $234 wine like have one like wine contest.
The
actual.
yeah. I buy
the winking owl wine and I only drink wine like for when we have like people over. But now that I don't have people over, I have like I have a wine rack but that comes with my apartment. So I'm literally just building the wine rack, like not touching anything and just like adding to my,
to my collection. It's kind of funny.
I'm gonna be like, no need. I got it like
when we can eventually have a housewarming maybe. I don't know what kind of doubt it like.
Mhm. There's actually
one of
them.
same.
I don't know. I feel
like that my dad is in um research, he's a he's in oncology and uh yeah, so there's actually a phase three vaccine at you. I see in Chicago, but I think they're worry is because people can get corona again
and that they're not like getting immune. It's very it's harder for the vaccine because and usually vaccines take like 10 years to develop and
Okay.
You know.
I told that to all my friends was like the first wave, they can go whoever is brave, I don't want to become like a zombie and
then wait
I know
you know me and my friends were like when they came over a couple of days ago we were like would you rather live in like be a zombie or live in like a zombie infested world? Just like I think I'd rather be a zombie. Like I don't want to live my whole life afraid of zombies
like
shit.
But when they're super fast I feel like they're more likely to get you like I would rather be around really slow.
Okay. Okay. Okay.
let's lock the door.
my gosh I hate like scary movies and I'm trying to get better about it and watch more. I watched this movie is a little bit old Zombieland or have you seen that one with?
It's
actually so funny like I thought it was like a really great movie. It's hilarious. It's funny.
It's
scary.
Yes. And jesse as he's actually really good in that movie to be here. So
he always in character like a little cranky alcoholic and like he's like that in The Hunger Games like in every in every movie. Yeah.
I feel like if you play your first three rolls the same role, it's over like.
Even like the harry potter stars there kind of got typecast. I feel because every time I see them I'm like potter
I feel bad because
the guy who plays harry potter Daniel Radcliffe, he really tries like the
so
many different things that every single time like it just doesn't feel right. Like
I don't know.
Go ahead.
Yeah. He was trying so hard to break out of the type cats, but he just can't it's too, it's too and he grew up with everybody like he's older than me and I feel like he grew up with me, so I feel like he's just always going to be very pot.
And then like
I used to be super into harry potter growing up. Like I was a door, can I have like a tumbler blog dedicated to them and everything like that? And finally enough, like the guy who plays harry potter and the guy who plays Ron, obviously they're like not friends even though they like our best
friends.
they
don't, but they both talked to Emma Watson, which is, that was funny.
she
did.
She
wasn't pretty woman and she was very good. Have you seen it?
You should
watch it. It's so good.
Thank
you.
they're so
good. Especially once you get into
a series. Who's your favorite?
You look
bad.
I love Spider man.
I like the new one most with Andy
Field.
Yeah. And Emma Watson as gwen. They are good. They did a good job.
You
don't like
it?
That's
Yeah.
As
an
expert.
I don't know. Uh
I heard a generous does that too like she told her like
I was like that's so crazy because
the whole thing is about being kind and I always thought she was kind and like it came across as authentic to me like growing up watching her, but I could see
so many people say it.
suspicious.
It's like
very good human.
Yeah. I feel like it's more like little boy humor. Like not really what I'm used to from her. Like I feel like I'm used to like wit and like satire, like really like jokes from her. So when she like kind of shifted over to that I was like, I thought like it was all like celebrities and stuff and it's like, I don't know if it's just like a gimmick but it's not coming across like Right.
You my friend?
The
Internet
and people
be more bold to speak out. I feel like it's root like putting so many people's reputations like down the gutter like that. I feel like I would never have come out like 10, 20 years ago, you know?
But
like nobody
who
really got to be careful, which I think is in a way it's good. Like if you're nice you should genuinely be nice and like, like maybe it'll encourage them to stop being mean, but like I don't know.
probably
that.
Yeah. I don't think there's any nice billionaires out there. They're probably
all a little bit aggressive.
that's true.
I guess it's better that way that way around.
mason work.
Yeah. But then you have like some who don't donate like what feels like anything or like they'll donate like 1%. But yeah, I don't know. I guess it's their money. But I just always think like if I had that much money, like it doesn't mean after like after the first billion, like not even the first
billion,
but mean anything to you anymore. Like you can't do it. It's like playing a game and you have all the cheat codes like you get bored, you know what I mean? Like
there's nothing else to do with it. I don't get it.
Do you ever bought,
sorry?
I
was gonna ask if you ever watch those YouTube videos? Like the make it money millennials where they're like I make $85,000 a year in New York City and they like talk about their life, haven't you ever seen those?
They're
They're
like
yeah they're only like six minutes and they're like go into like a day in their life and they show how they make their money and like their budget and like stuff like that. It's from CNBC and but there's this one guy who lives in Seattle, he's married and he makes $615,000 a year But he's the
cheapest
man like I've ever seen. Like his wedding ring is a $12 rubber band when he eats out. He only eats for him and his wife $20 per month because they only eat out at like stick a chakra spot. And um so he lives in the four bedroom house and like he's married and every single room is rented out, they converted their garage to an Airbnb And he's like yeah like I and they fly they drive 2001 Ford focus and they make 615K. A year and people were like why? Like do you need so much money? And then he was like yeah my goal is to eventually own 6000 apartments and he only owns 12 right now. He makes $615,000 a year. I'm like you're not even gonna spend it like
he'll
be
fine.
But.
Especially if you're married
like I would just feel like not like an adult like if I was married and not living with my parents, but I also had like five roommates. I feel like I was a freshman in college like you know. Huh?
That.
Yeah. I would be like, I don't know what stage we're at. I feel stuck. Yeah.
Everybody's
working.
Yeah. For sure. It's crazy. Well I think
we're done. It
was really nice talking to you.
I
just
have
good day,
thank you. Good to and
go back
to your mom.
Thank
you son.