Hi,
I don't have volume, sorry. Right, can you hear me? I can't hear you. Am I doing wrong? Okay. No, you can't hear you. I can't hear you. Can you hear me? Uh huh Oh Uh huh Mhm Yeah yeah
Hey there you are.
I'm good links. How are you?
DP
DP? Oh that's pretty,
My name is Tracy. Uh
Uber
well, I think both are pretty, but yeah, the parents are often so fickle, you never know what they're gonna do.
I have no doubt. That's got to be Yeah, that's something I don't think I ever want to go through, but it would be a pretty stressful situation.
um I just an easy way to make some extra money. Just kind of when I'm sitting around looking at the laptop anyway, I might as well put it to good use.
It's
really hard right now. Yes, everybody is trying to do what we're doing, try to make money without leaving the house.
But
particularly the small businesses. It's hard and I did sail for a while. It's really hard
to get
kind of get the ball rolling. But once you get started it kind of,
it almost kind of moves itself.
You just kinda
have
to keep keep
at it. But
that first little bit is really hard to get to get the momentum.
I'm
off.
And
There's probably nobody in the office now, but yeah,
and they don't have any extra money. Yeah.
No,
I don't think anybody was. This has been it's been really the more I think about like where we were six months ago and where we are now, the free clear the whole thing is and like, well I find really odd is like how quickly your perceptions kind of change. Like um I used to look at pictures and like, oh, look at everybody, happy at the beach. And now I'm like, where are their masks? Or you see a picture like pre covid and you're like, where are the masks? Why aren't they wearing masks? And
it's a
tomorrow.
There's no point in complaining if it's sunny or not because you can't go outside and enjoy it regardless.
So you're you're in Canada.
I'm
in
southern
California.
cool. Yeah. There's a lot of businesses down here, so hopefully they will start ordering stuff from you.
Well,
Well, it kind of depends on the area if it's, if it's more of a democratic and I hate that it's politicized this way, but if it's more of a democratic area, people are wearing masks, they're staying home, but you go into the more Republican areas and they're not. So it's it's it's kind of, and it's odd because we're in the area I am. Um it's, I moved recently from northern California, which was really democratic. Um and then I moved down here and it's not so it was kind of like this big culture shock anyway. And then Covid hits and then you like really realize how many people are so politicized and, and I don't quite understand how you can be political about a disease. It's
like
I I just, I don't get that mindset at all.
life and
death.
Well,
Well,
and yes, and from what I've been reading in the news, it's not just um like the majority of people who are getting it now are between 19 and 49 whereas everybody would say, oh it's this old people's disease, no one has to worry if you're young, but the majority of the people that have it are young and the, I mean you read all the time about these people, there was a guy somewhat near us who they showed him on the news and he had to have all his fingers amputated Because
of the Corona and he was only in his 20s.
and just like people die and yeah, it's on, it's
unreal how people don't want to think and nobody wants to think you're going to get it and get going to die from it, or God forbid take it home and transmit it to your grandparents or your parents and then they're dead. It's just nobody wants to think that, but it can happen and they just don't want to face the reality. That's
That your friends go young.
It's
That's
I think what terrifies me the most is is you have no idea if you're permanently immune or not, and then if you're one of those people who just carries it and gives it to everybody, then you're like that typhoid mary. And if you don't, if you if you actually get the symptoms yourself, then you don't know your you were like you were saying the long term damage, they were saying that can be liver damage and lung damage and brain damage. And like the people losing their limbs because the it affects their circulates circulation. It's the whole thing is just terrifying and I don't understand why. Well, I guess people, the people who don't believe it's true, just don't see the news stories that are carrying that kind of stuff.
I don't think, I think you're right though. It's not until it personally affects them that they can, they can comprehend which and you're reading stories like that all the time. I mean there was a house of Representatives guy who was like, I'm not wearing a mask and it's evil and it's wrong and um it's taken away my rights and then he gets it. And now he's like, well I should have worn a mask. Really,
you think?
that
approach.
I love
I went back into the gym immediately. It's like no concept, no reality check whatsoever. It's
people
are
um, well I take care of my mom, so I, I only can leave really to go shopping and I'm, I mean I'm really fanatic about, I wear two masks and I take a shower as soon as I get home and I changed my clothes before I even come in the house. We've got like a changing
station
in the garage where I can get changed. And because I don't want to even risk, I mean it would be bad enough if I got it, but if I gave it to my
mom I would just
the guilt. Yes,
I can't even imagine passing it on and I mean passing it to a stranger is bad enough, but quote unquote killing a loved one would just make me want to kill myself. It's
terror.
Good.
Yes. Yeah. Oh, absolutely. It's awful. Yeah. So you're you're sheltering in place at home and kind of working remotely?
Who?
And
Come
on.
23
minutes.
No, no they would be risking too much after being so careful for so long. No, I mean I totally feel for them, that's what I mean you want to be there and support your family and it's just I mean just to get together and celebrate
would be wonderful. But you can't risk your and it's not just your own life. You're risking they would be risking each other. They could potentially be risking you if you if you went or if they came home and saw you after, if they didn't quarantine I mean and I don't know I I don't think I could get on a plane right now.
nope.
It is it's really hard to deal with but it sounds like your family is taking it really seriously and oh
I can't
even access right now is just a nightmare. I can't I couldn't never mind getting I mean because theoretically they probably could have driven down and been pretty safe
and but once you get there everybody's running around with no masks. So
it's
it's
well
they from what I understand and I don't know if I haven't read a lot about it because every time I read about it I get angry, so I stopped reading about it so much. Um But I think they're leaving it up to like the cities and so some cities have some rules, but nobody is like doing any strict enforcement. Like even here in California where the governor is pretty, I mean where I can tell he's done a decent job overall. Um But like they're not writing tickets, they put it in the legislation that they could enforce it with fines and fees in jail, but half the Sheriff's department aren't wearing masks and they are right, it's, and um, we went, we took a drive a few God now it, it feels like it was a couple of weeks ago, but it was really probably a couple months ago, um, just because it was so crazy, you just wanted to get out of the house a little bit and we drove down past the beach and there were literally, there was a cop on every corner trying to keep people moving, but none of the cops had a mask on, none of the people had passed on and
like all these people in their convertibles with no masks and sitting on the beach to each other with no masks. And like you were saying in the restaurant's packed shoulder to shoulder with no mask, I
don't get it.
I really, I just don't get it.
And
we're, we were in our car with the windows all rolled up and the air conditioner on with the filter and we had our math
son
and I felt kinda, I was like, maybe, you know, we're in the car, we could maybe take our masks off, but I don't want to risk because through the, I mean, you don't know that the filter is going to catch coronavirus on the air conditioner. So it's like, I didn't want to risk any risk at all. Um,
and it makes me feel kind of um, am I crazy?
Am I over week?
No,
it looks so tempting. I know. It's like, oh, I remember restaurants, I remember people bringing them food and laughing and
having drinks
and
hey,
well I read a social media post the other day, this guy was like, you know, don't go out, don't go out and if you are, you know, just do necessary stuff and where your mask, because his girlfriend was in the ICU on a ventilator and she had been doing like, you totally well, like both of us totally staying home, not doing anything working from home and her friends were going to a bar and she decided one night out can't hurt and now he's in the ICU on a ventilator, obviously the one night it hurts. So it's like, you can't, you can't let they can't let temptation tempt you,
let's
go.
I was for a while, I was, because the big thing here is people will wear it under there, under their nose, just like,
and it, what is that? I don't quite understand that. I guess the point is that they're wearing a mask. Um, but I was like kind of militant like hey you know that does no good um And a few times
I was kind of like there was a girl working um and she obviously didn't realize it had slipped down and I said you know excuse
me it's your mask is not, and she was like oh thank you for telling me, but everybody else like shut up you how
dare you tell me and I'm like you know what, I'm just gonna avoid all of them. Um
Both
no, they have absolutely heard it before.
I wish they'd pay attention and I mean there's a reason that everybody, you know, I don't know for the most part I guess we're pretty lucky here like every grocery store, well I really only go to Aldi but
I think great,
I mean I can't believe some of the deals that they have
to me down here
but
I'll have to subscribe.
Well that they have one for Costco and I don't I don't do Costco as much because it's so crowded. Um But yeah
for for the same reason because they're like oh look at this, I just found this and this and I found this and we're in this room in and makes me so jealous sometimes because they show the food court and like I don't know if it up where you where you are if they've got different stuff but like um apparently in Canada they have like that poutine the fries with gravy and the cheese
kurds
and
I'm like how I didn't have that, we've got this chicken baked thing and that's about it.
Um And they showed I saw post the other day from, I think it was somewhere in Asia and they had um they had hamburgers and they had, it was like a mango slushy and I'm like
how
they get all this wonderful stuff and we get, we don't even have combination pizza anymore.
Well
it
is interesting because it makes it worthwhile when you travel to go in, well if we can ever travel again, but that it was going to different because the regional things, even like when I lived in the bay Area, you would go like one in san Jose and it would have one thing and you go like, just, I don't know if you towns away and it would be completely different. Um So that's, it's, that's kind of neat and I'm going to have to subscribe to all these because I bet you they're the same different areas. They've got different stuff,
we do kind of sort of um when I lived up north we had one really close and I shop there a lot. I love trader joe's
too.
that's hysterical. Well
Well I knew about the like the two buck chuck, the trader joe's basic and I don't think it's $2 anymore, I think it's almost three now, but it's still, it's like better than most
10
and $12 bottles, which is they don't drink a lot of wine. But when I figure I can't go wrong if I buy something there because it's gonna be good
directive.
How
that's that's actually a good idea though because when, when things open up again, you're gonna be all ready to go
and
I eventually, I mean because I was reading on Reddit about that, they were they've got two different versions of the vaccine going um hopefully and they're both I guess in third phase of the trials.
So
with
any luck knock wood will get
something.
I
that
that's what I was I was reading about that because they want to make sure that they're safe and they're not going to have lasting side effects and who knows what will happen in two years because they don't have time to do a two year study. Um Who
was saying somebody was saying that the one that they're doing, I think it's Oxford in England. Um They based it on a current flu vaccine so they know that for the most part it's pretty safe. So um something like that I would be more willing to sign up for right away, but I think I'm going to be
I'll be second wave on the vaccine. I want to make sure that I'm not gonna go in and get it and then keel over or something.
No.
Can you imagine it gets worse than Covid?
It's like covid zombies.
I do.
It depends on what
zombies they are if they're like walking dead zombies, I don't I don't that doesn't look like fun at all. But there was that movie, God was it 28 days or 28 days where they were like super fast and they were almost like they were still most still alive. That might not be as bad. But I don't want to be a walking dead Zombie.
Oh no, that's when I would want to be the zombie. Yeah.
Either way. I think it would probably now if I have to hide from them, I want them to be walking dead zombies because I need to go upstairs and stay upstairs.
Exactly. And it's like they they'll just, you know, they'll just stand outside and moon for a while,
I've seen the commercials for
aging myself here, but I remember seeing the commercials for that.
Is
that
someone with Woody Harrelson? Right?
He's really good at almost everything I've seen him in.
It's funny how their stars like that, they're always there. Just kind of the same person just in a different movie.
That's it. You're locked in. Yeah,
exactly. Especially for people like you probably grew up with them watching them. So it's totally, that's who that is and they can't ever be really anybody else for you. Well
I
He
tries big time.
No.
And so I thought something, he was in a play in London where he had to appear naked
and like everybody was like oh my God, harry potter's naked on stage,
He always will be that for you. Yeah,
thank you.
I
saw that like and what you would think oh my God, they're supposed to get along, they're supposed to hang out.
But
Well she seems like I've seen her and other stuff and she actually I think kind of managed to
break
the mold
a little bit.
no I haven't
but I heard that it was good.
I usually
I don't watch a ton of movies. I try usually just watch kind of more tv because I can turn it off and gesundheit. Um
But yeah, so I've been lately I've been watching more movies like I never watched any of the marvel and I've now I've watched almost all
they
are.
Um I well thor obviously but well not maybe not obviously but um I thought those those ones were really good and like when he got his haircut it was that was just
that
was great. Yeah
no those are good ones too.
The
new kid who plays him I really like I think he does a really good job.
Yeah that's a good movies. And then um I watched one of the batman ones but I don't I can't get into that christian bale as batman. I
just
just
I think I got
kind of prejudiced against him reading like um
he did a couple movies where he apparently was like a really big a whole to like the cast
of the other
cast
and the crew. Um Yeah
well apparently he would tell people you can't look at me and you can't and he threw a fit on stage. I can I don't even remember what all the details were but I remember reading that he was he was not a nice person.
I was miss dreaming about that.
I
honor
on the talk show kind of I totally you totally think she's a nice person then she did that. Um What is it the game show where she makes people do awful things like high. She seems to like really be excited and happy when people are unhappy and getting stuff going on them. And that made me kind of like
think differently. Yeah it's like how can you I mean it's not that funny when you drop someone in a pie or no it's
the
first time a little ignorance but the third time it's not.
No it didn't come across nice at all and I I grew up with watching her do stand up and like got her first
sitcom and I mean she I always kind of looked up to her for being like this total nice person and now particularly I mean all these other stars like that brad Garrett and some somebody else was saying that she that is that is her and that's that's not nice. Um
It
makes you think
no
no
the all the internet has changed every
it really
has
we can hope so. I don't know if that really going to happen. I think
that
they're going to carry on in their lives as is because I mean they got to make their millions from being not nice so why on earth would change now?
it's
well Bill and Melinda Gates Bill Gates
and what I heard well now but when he was coming up he wasn't so he like did the opposite he wasn't nice when he was making his money and now he's got his money and he's a nice guy.
well at least he's doing good stuff with all that money. I mean they're foundation has done immense
things all over the world. I mean you've done against malaria is due by itself is huge.
it
doesn't mean
no.
that's except for make more which again it's all it is is at that point is a way to keep score which means to me you've already won. Why do you keeping score if you've already won?
It was
sorry?
Good.
no I'll have
to check that out.
That
sounds interesting.
my
goodness.
no there's no he has reached the point where he cannot basically he can't really lose the money because if you invested even in not quite so
safe
investment
you can't lose it. So I mean I can understand being thrifty and if you've got a car driven forever and it still works then yeah keep driving
it but why you project yourself two roommates if you make it's under a year that's oh
it's just
which I mean I can you're right if you weren't married that's that that
sounds like a great kind of lifestyle you've always got someone around to do stuff with especially with your friends. Um But if you're married what that seems. So what is the point? You know aren't you supposed to start your married life?
It's yeah that's people are yeah people are weird. All of us all of us are weird in our own way,
but some people
are really weird.
There.
Yeah. I think we're good. They think they said 25 minutes and we're we are over that. So that's good. We had a successful conversation
like what? I thank you so
much.
Take
care and
stay safe
that
day.
Sure. Oh yeah. Yeah. Just like your parents,
too.