patient testing 1234554321 test out. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Uh huh notice. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Right. He's good. Thank you Jack. Yeah. That's funny. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Something. Mhm. You know I was thinking Yeah. Yeah. Thanks. Yeah, I understand. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Just you. Mhm. Should I get Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. I think you're right. Mhm. Hello?
I'm
fine. How are you?
take
it. My name is life.
Hi Andrew.
Hi Andrea.
I am living this taste. I'm from Canada. Where are you from? Right.
My Vegas. Okay.
Uh It's all over born in Ontario. But lived most of my life on the prairies, the
central center of the country.
At
one time
I will live further from the water than any place you can in North America notions within 2000 miles.
About
something going
on.
Get
to
cover
Toronto.
Yeah. Toronto is the big, really big city and multicultural has lots of different people in it. I don't mind Toronto, but in the summer where I'm living right now is very hot and humid uh in Toronto it is hot human and you have liquid sunshine. It literally is, it has super saturation. I mean that you go outside, you breathe, you walk in, you're covered with water, no
rain, no rain.
How?
wait,
Well parts of Canada, you can grow all sorts of things that grow grapes. They grow uh palm trees. When I was in the Navy, my wife and I were living in victoria and they have palm trees in there in victoria.
It's a large country of a very parts of it are further south and part of the Merah like uh there's a part of America like maine is high farther north than Toronto is by a lot just right
as so.
Shit.
Yeah, I got just lost your picture. But yeah. Uh Canada's and pandemic lockout and it's not going to come out. It's a national lockdown. So uh but they're also the economy isn't taking the hit as bad A hit was here and they're coming out of it. Which
unfortunately my wife was trained to be a nurse and to handle yeah. Uh pandemics and threats like What we've got now, COVID 19. So she heard about this possibly the pan american december. So we started taking precautions. But it's what to many of the states didn't do the right things and they opened up too fast and I, the death toll it's probably going to spike just before the election. Unfortunately, it's not a good thing.
It's
like it
if,
Oh, the state I'm in is, I'm in, I'm in Maryland and they're an open and fast and according to the president, they're not opening fast enough. He wants, he wants the governor here to open faster and we were supposed to be going to a third stage two weeks ago, but the numbers didn't add up. Uh, our number, our rate of infections were, was going up. So he said, no, we're not going to open anything up. We might have to close something, but we're not opening. And generally the people in Maryland said, okay, that's fine. We'd rather not have a whole bunch of people dying on us and not being worried. I really upset with mandate that they're forcing schools open. That's dangerous. Yes. Kids do not get it as normally, kids do not get it as bad as adults can because their immune systems are more robust in some
ways. But what people forget is that one of the first people to die in the pandemic in the U. S. Was a it. Mhm. Was a young girl in Detroit was both her parents were first three fathers And she was 11 years old.
She got it and she had no pre existing conditions and she died Within about 48 hours and
that
and
it got blown. You know the coverage was you if you looked at in the US the coverage of it was fairly spotty but I said I get most of my news from outside the U. S. So I get different viewpoints and
and right now you know my parents are elderly, my mom's very ill and I would like to go back to see her but I would have to I'm going to have to go into a two week lockdown when I get there. Quarantine for two weeks. Not
coming with no family, no nothing. But I would be allowed to travel in the country. My wife is not a Canadian citizen, she's an american would not be allowed in.
Uh That's the problem, a lot of americans in europe is the same thing. The U. S. Citizens are not allowed in and you're coming from the U. S. You don't have a lot of places you can go because uh this the U. S. Right now is not considered to be safe. Yeah
and
the attitude
what
they do.
No
party.
well
if you if you've got citizenship you can go into the country but in all the countries of europe and all the in Canada and Mexico and asia if you've got let's say uh I have a friend is Japanese and american. Uh so perfectly okay to go to Japan but They have a two week quarantine. He would have to wait to just like I do anybody, you'd be allowed in, but you would have to take a two week quarantine. Mhm That's a, you
know and
that that causes problems and I'm not sure what to say about that. I have to as I read my news, I don't tend to watch things like fox news and all that. I got I laugh at it at the commentators. I well I am I and I, some people say my view of the president is covered because of my wife and yeah it should be, she's from new york, she worked for people and she knew trump and she knows she has friends at trump, oh millions of dollars to it won't pay,
which
is why he's leaving new york. He realizes because the way it works in the US if you're indicted by a state charge and you're in another state they have to do Expedition X. Extradite you from that state. And he went to florida because the florida republicans want him there and they're not going to extradite him.
He's
very good. Uh Yeah making people think that he's a nice guy when he isn't he's not a great he's a bad businessman, it's a horrible businessman,
He's not a good businessman. He made all his money by declaring bankruptcy and taking his biggest gain was he brags about his $685 million dollars in one deal. He declared bankruptcy for his casino And he came away with 685 million most of that. The punch and pension fund for the casino employees.
And
that was all that's covered over. And they don't know that that's just good business. He said, no, it isn't. That's ripping people off. Good business doesn't mean you rip people off. There's lots of good businessman out there that don't rip you off and
they definitely don't rip their employees off. And I laughed when they he's against immigrants. Yet if you go to all his golf courses, 95% of the staff are illegal immigrants.
Well,
it is, it is they they've done it. They watched the I. N. S. What happens in March A Lago appears said about once every four or five months when it's time to pay the contracts for the illegal immigrants, they get raided. No money paid. Don't have to pay anything.
and now in Scotland, he's got those golf courses that he may not be, none of his family may not be allowed to go into the country into Scotland. Uh, mainly because he is under investigation for fraud in Scotland now. Yes. Yeah. He
said the investigation for a lot of fraud and he is, this is what he does. That's what he did to my wife's friends. Uh he never paid any of the interior construction people that did the finishing touches to the trump plaza. All the condos in there, none of them ever got paid 25 interior constructors, all of them small. Starting out, This is what, so they took loans for $2, $3, $4 million dollars just to get the materials he wanted. And he said, I'll pay you when it's done and when I'm happy, I'll sign off saying I'm happy and I'll get you hand me the keys and then you'll get a check in the mail a couple of days. Well the friend waited a month and then he said I didn't like it. You signed off that it was okay. You can't prove that's my signature. And so my wife and my wife knew him from the my mother in law when he heard she heard that he was uh looked like it was wing Swahr she was a Republican, she was not happy. And uh.
my wife's
mom was a republican. My wife is an independent. I'm Canadian so I can't vote and that's a sticking point. I'm a landed immigrant. Which means my wife is entitled to think like Obamacare everything. She's got to disappear, disabilities. There's an order, presidential order that says that my wife cannot get anything because I'm hold a green card which is a problem. Uh So she's getting she's everything she's entitled to. she can't get that's what we did was did I lose you?
because
you keep I keep losing the picture. That's why I don't know.
I am I disappearing?
What do you do in las Vegas?
No,
no.
The
pandemic.
What?
Did
you work the casinos?
No.
Yeah I'm I'm Crosby retired so that I didn't have to get hit that bad for that as badly by it. But trying to find more employment because they don't get enough. My pension is not not for me to live in the US. Uh
There's a problem.
You're
not
they're slightly higher, the unemployment rate went up. But because of the way they did it, a lot of those people are getting income back. And he gave instantly everybody got income when he declared the the lockdown, the Canadian government make sure everybody got money to offset the loss of income
immediately nationally, not by state, not by and everybody everybody agreed to it. Uh Yeah.
So.
Bye.
I
believe you had a log onto a website and fill in the government would secure government website and fill in the information. I think
that's all you have to do. And some places closed down, some places didn't. My younger brother Laos used to see over military unit. And most of the days he goes in to make sure the lights are on and everything is there and nobody's broke into the unit because most of the unit, it's further, they don't, they don't want them to come in contact with anything that could make them sick. If they need them to do anything, they want them healthy so they don't have to report to their place of work. He's the
ceo and he figures I got to watch it. My twins in the same boat. He's a principal of the school system. He looks after five schools and he actually had a prince, one of his vice principals actually have Covid and that the data to write, he was told that he contacted the school board and they sent all the kids home and the school was automatically, all the schools were shut down. And the school, the students that live in because in Canada, you sometimes have schools where you have kids coming from the north, especially the school where they have a large indigenous population coming from the north flying and living at the school. He had to make arrangements for all of them
to get home. And he, uh, you know, he had to do that and then he's supposed to be getting ready. But he's had some, he had some flu like symptoms, so they tested them from Covid, and until he's over the system, the symptoms, you can actually go into his office to do any work. So he has to try and do everything remotely. And he lives in, he has a house with his wife in one city And the town that he actually does school is in is six hours away. So he's doing everything remotely. And he says, it's it's a real pain because I'm supposed to be there. We are supposed to start, you're supposed to hold a graduation ceremony in september for the kids that didn't get the ceremony in june. And he says, I've got a plan that out. We have a guy here who has, uh, tractor trailer that he loads 16
Round Bales Hunt. I said, well, that's a really big one. I said, yes. so our graduating class can stand on their And everybody can look at them and see them and they will keep their three, there are three ft 3-6 ft, distancing.
Uh he's agreed to paint circles on it
and they'll keep him 3-6 ft. Well, I guess the guy's son is one of the graduates, so he wants to make sure you can do it, do
it and then put them on this tractor trailer and driving through the town so everybody can see the new grads who was supposed to graduate in june and stuff like that. It's my dad has to go see my mom every go. She's my mom every day for about a month and a half. He wasn't allowed to see her. And that was really hard on them. Although
not They're
firstly 90, and They've been married for over 62 years and that's after they met each other. They married within three weeks of meeting each other.
So that's a long time. And they've never really been apart for very long until my mom got really sick. So he goes to caesar every day. But that's different. You have family down there or?
Where in europe?
Armenia
Robin. Yeah, it's one place I haven't been yet. I've been to europe,
my brother, my twin screen tv Romania. Yeah,
he he did a tour when I was on the in the navy, so I was going to Australia and he ended up taking playing for a trip that took him all the way through europe from um Holland, all the way over to Turkey by bus and one of the world added to it was four weeks, it was a long term, but he said he enjoyed it and you got to see a lot of europe, you
know,
I might I tend to I tend to see tended to see countries, but I uh being on a ship arriving there and then going to as far as I could from around wherever I was stationed and also see a lot of world that way. But
it's different.
My
Yeah, well my dad's living with my uh moving back and forth between my younger brother and my my sister's house uh
and they're living there. He'd he'd rather wish my wife and I were up in Canada because you'd rather live with me. Uh I'm the eldest, so he goes back and forth. But he's from, he walks everywhere and I'll help right now. He's staying at my younger brothers and he walks up with my sister and her husband are away because my husband, my sister's husband is retired. My
sister is a federal judge, so she isn't retired and she doesn't she won't be retired until she's 75.
That's what she has to. And so she's fine, you know, depending on her docket, she gets, you know, four or five weeks at a time that she may not have anything on her docket so she can go what she does with it. She doesn't have a go to work, she just do whatever they go trips and all this. As long as she's prepped for the court cases coming up, they don't care. Uh it's a way to keep the judges honest. They also pay a lot to the judges up here, a lot more than they do in the US uh bribery is a very uh judges being bribed are very very doesn't happen up here. I was very happened that much up in Canada because of how
the system
is.
well, you know if you're paying a judge $700,000 a year And he gets a pension, if he tires at 75 of 400,000, most people don't need bribe. Doesn't really attract many people that way, you know. Yeah. Get caught, go to jail, I have no money or um I think I'll stay with plan a goodbye. You're under arrest for trying to attempt to attempting to bribe. That's what happens uh here if a judge is compromised, it's usually because of something that doesn't have to do with the money. You know, sometimes it's a sex schedule, but most often is some kind of threat to a family member or something, but it doesn't happen often. Canada's it's a different that way. We don't have a lot of people with guns and so people don't worry.
you must have a bad connection
But yeah no it's it's different that way. It's uh
my
wife and I my wife and I were gay are gamers, so one
of the things
you used to do was beta test all these games so we tend to have very high quality internet of nothing else.
Mhm. Oh I play all sorts of for the kids. Uh the ones that you have nieces and nephews there might though it would be things like uh World of Warcraft, The three Diablo 3 uh League of Legends which is one of the biggest games around right now uh we play all those and we beta testing things like um guild wars doors to various other games out there just to see how they were and most of them are mos multiplayer where you get to play with some people,
Some of them like D. three, you can
play with people, but they're also played by yourself.
Almost
um when you do beta testing the most you usually get is you might get a special skin or a special flag on your name and the games and say that you were a beta tester and this is you know, you have this piece of arm and nobody else can have but stuff like that, it's nothing major and the fact that you generally uh know how to level faster, so you get ahead of it a little bit ahead of everybody because you've done it once,
so you started zero, you know? Okay, this is how I do it. You didn't fall. The question, I said no, I wanted to get out of this area and get over to this area and make money gold so I can get more stuff. So I did this you know, stuff like that. That's
basically
Thank you. Yeah.
slot machines. Yeah.
What
I used when I go to casinos uh that's how I know how bad trump was as a businessman because I actually saw the trump casino. It was horrible.
Absolutely terrible. I was on a ship to here in Philly and they drove us up to atlantic city and we were given tickets to go and play at the plate workers, you know and trump trump casinos. Right? Why? So a bunch of people went over there to see what it was like, you know? And we went to the playboy when you play as you know when you play the slots of girls rock around with drinks. Uh
Well on purpose because if you've got a little bit of enumerated, you play more.
That's exactly what it's for. Well for a sailor K Navy,
we had were allowed alcohol at that time. We still had alcohol on board ship. Here we go. Yeah, okay, this is good. And they only give you a little bit of time, like a quarter bottle of beer or whatever, three ounce, but when you get a three ounce bottle of beer that's been watered down, three ounces of beer and it's watered down.
Uh No, but it pisses you off. And so his The alcohol they were serving with strength. So they went and bought at the bar, they paid $8 for a bottle of beer and it came into this clown and they put it was poor before they got the bottle came out was poor and the guy looked at it and he says that's awfully pale. Well that's what it is. It's a this is a stout, I shouldn't see my fingers through it and what they were doing. They got it all of the barkeeper, is that what we have to give it? We have to have a half, half, half the glass is full of water, and then we put it in and the next guy was just give them the rest of it and they went and said, you what, that's what we're told to do if we don't do that, we lose their jobs. And so that group, they just got up and left, a couple of guys tried to eat the food and said it was horrible. They didn't have adjacent floor show, he couldn't hold everybody quit after a week or two on the floor show and it was just it was a bad and he was so proud of because he designed the whole thing, the menu, how the drinks, the bars were, all his, he planned the whole thing and it was just bad taste and say like sailor V. Anyway um it was a different, it was different now we're moving to the fall an election and we'll see what the world has to offer. I as I said, I don't Covid is going to be one of the major things, it's not going to be gone
and
talking
about
My heart might predict I think biden may take it, but I don't think trump will leave trump is setting it up by saying all these things. He's going to try and delay it, him leaving now. He can't under the constitution. If biden is declared the winner, he can complain all he wants When it comes to the 2021st of January 21 or 22 January figure what it is right now. Yeah, he will vacate. If he does not, he will be arrested.
But the problem is, most of his supporters are the ones with the guns. And I mean, he primary example of that is, you know, the rights in Minneapolis, They arrested a bunch of guys for starting the riots, like actually doing it.
And
it,
And he says, he says it's antifa, the problem is that all the guys that were arrested, none of them have anything to do with Antifa. They all belong to a group called google loose. They're also right wing supporters of trump who want a race war. It's in their credo, they want a race war. So they were starting the fights, they were coming up with masks on and then when they were arrested, hey, I was just trying to protect myself from those guys. But the cameras and everything from the police side is that no, you weren't, you threw the molotov cocktails. You learned to jail and they did that and they arrest, they've arrested a couple. But
all the hard to is that they say it's the blacks just starting it or them,
the immigrants are starting at
How
to get the
point.
Nothing.
Well,
they
want the demo, they say the democrats are causing the problems, but he's told people not to obey the law and that's her michigan is spiking again because he told the republicans in michigan not to listen to the governor and the government wanna had a lockdown and they ignored it because the president told them to actively and more people are dying and they just don't say these people say, well, no rain masks, I have a right not to wear a mask. Yeah, you do have a right not to wear a mask. You do not have a right to endanger anyone else. Yeah. So I wear a mask. Uh you know, when I go out in the money, they have to go on crowd. So I always have a mask. If I'm walking around where I live and there's, you know, Nobody within 200, 400 ft of me, I'm not wearing a mask. I just pulled the mask down. But when people get close, I pulled it back up. That's it.
Yeah. Well, my wife, if she gets it, if Covid comes into this house and my wife gets it, She has less than a 1% chance of survivability because of what she's got what her medical condition is right now. So for us, it's a big thing. I'm a high risk, I have a heart condition. So I'm a high risk. My wife has a major breathing issue condition
that she's been wearing, that She actually has to wear a mask in public all the time. And so yeah, that's different. But anyway, I'll let you go uh
And you take care. And I hope you have a good the rest of the summer. I hope when the time comes, you find some gainful, you have employment and you have fun. And let's pray that the election is reasonable and people don't decide that they want to fight over it.
We
one
more.
All
Canada is not going to open the border until this
country does something about Covid and they're not going to do it. The president doesn't want to do anything about Covid. I mean, so
and
yeah, patience is all you can do. But you take
care.
Let's eat you too
Well for me. I'm in the us and the east coast, so it's 4:00. So you take care and I will hope and pray that you have a good summer