SPEAKER_R: uh huh. Your witness? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Hello. Yeah I guess for a couple of minutes earlier I'm in Iraq if you are.
SPEAKER_R: I'm ready. I'm just glad you showed up. I've had like three noses. Yeah. I like three notes on this thing.
SPEAKER_L: yeah the first time I tried to do this I didn't have a show up either so uh yeah I was actually kind of worried I thought I might be a no show and uh I had something come
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: up at the last minute but I got here and as you can see I've got here a couple of minutes early so that's always a good thing. So um yeah kind of the issue like this is you got to different people and unfortunately you know just because you are available at that particular time doesn't necessarily mean uh you're going to be available then. But it would be nice if they like send a message along and that way they can let you know but I mean the plus side at least is I don't know if you consider that as part of the four overall that you can participate in but If not then uh certainly
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: you're getting a buck 50. Right.
SPEAKER_R: I think you have, I
SPEAKER_L: Help.
SPEAKER_R: think you have to complete the whole conversation. I don't, they shouldn't do the no shows that I did two of these like earlier in the year. So if the no shows counted, I would have already been like screened out. So yeah, I've racked up a dollar 53 times. I actually did one of these yesterday. So and I think you can do it. Yeah. Like you said you can do four of them. So yeah, 15. I mean after today I would be my fourth added to earlier in the year, one yesterday, one today. So I'll be done. I'm just
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: glad
SPEAKER_L: wasn't
SPEAKER_R: like go
SPEAKER_L: Go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: ahead. I was gonna say I like that they did yesterday. They signed up for the times And they just gave me appointment today. So it was only about 24 hours in between, about a week ago. They gave me one, it wasn't until like eight days later. So I'm like uh
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: this stuff comes up in eight days you know? And I'm like the people may forget about it and I had a feeling and I prefer like the morning ones. It seems like people are more, I guess stuff comes up during the day. I know me and my girlfriend just got mad from doing our thing eating and so it sets up perfectly. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: and again that's always the biggest issue is during the day, I mean people are probably just waking up or whatever so you know they don't have any. So yeah, it's amazing how some of those things can definitely come up. So how was your week gone?
SPEAKER_R: sure it sounds pretty good. I'm just at home. I've been for those for a while so at home is trying to keep busy my mind active and everything like that. Oh
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and where are you located? Okay. I got family. I got family like right they live about 10 minutes from the airport. So I guess that's denver And so I'm in Dallas in Texas. Yeah, here about a 12 hour if you drive it, which might have a cousin
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: drive up to denver a couple of months ago. It took them 10, 12 hours like that.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah indeed do it in one time. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: he picked up his girlfriend love it. They stopped in new Mexico. So it wasn't a straight drive. But my cousin who lives up there, he's did it in just one straight slope and he may have stopped for a rest stop, but it was, it was a straight shot. He left that light four in the morning Or
SPEAKER_L: Two.
SPEAKER_R: two, AM, something like that. All
SPEAKER_L: I couldn't do that
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: to you
SPEAKER_R: Uh about 34 hours is my max and then I'm kind of getting burned out on driving. So, because I mean you can drive for hours in texas and still be in the state I think to go From the bottom to the top, it's a, I think it's about a 12 hour drive.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, it's
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: impressive just how big texas is. I mean unless you go through there you just don't
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: appreciate just how big it is. I mean I guess a lot of states are like that, but texas in particular, I mean it looks kind of big when you look at the map,
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: but when you go to texas, you realize it really isn't it?
SPEAKER_R: mm, it's very, but I will say it's pretty dull driving through it because it's all flat, there's hardly any, I mean you're not really seeing anything, there's really no mountains or any type of forestry, it's pretty blend because I have friends who drive trucks, so they've been all over the country and they say texas is probably one of the most boring states to drive through other than maybe like Kansas and Nebraska.
SPEAKER_L: I was about to mention everything. You get to have your Red bull's ready for those.
SPEAKER_R: I believe you'll probably, you're not probably not far from Kansas, are you?
SPEAKER_L: Oh, we're
SPEAKER_R: Definitely
SPEAKER_L: pretty close and I've gone through there a couple times every single time I have to go through Kansas, it's very entertained trying
SPEAKER_R: basic,
SPEAKER_L: to keep me.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, let's cut the sick, so I'm guessing
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: it is as flat as they say it is,
SPEAKER_L: it is, yeah, there's absolutely nothing going on unless you go to like Kansas city, everything else is just nice and flat, nothing going on. You know, if you get lost, you will never know.
SPEAKER_R: what part of colorado are you?
SPEAKER_L: colorado springs. So it's uh definitely not Denver proper, but the nice thing is we've got all sorts of different things going on here. So, um, I kind of like it. I've lived here a good part of my life, so
SPEAKER_R: All right,
SPEAKER_L: I want to play the best place I've ever lived, but families here, so um that's usually I guess how a lot of that boils out, so I ended up going somewhere else for a couple of years for work and then I finally after a couple of years was able to get back here, so I was definitely happy about that, so I'm going to ask you because
SPEAKER_R: couple
SPEAKER_L: I'm thankful that I haven't experienced it myself, so how long has a furlough experience been for you?
SPEAKER_R: Um At first it was kind of like at first it was actually kind of just get a break from work and it was just kind of just relaxing but as times went on you know I didn't
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: expect it to last this long
SPEAKER_L: absolutely,
SPEAKER_R: so then then it becomes kind of more frustrating is like the job market here is even kind of it's kind of iffy anyways like to go find something else. It's uh
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: so many people have been furloughed laid off, companies have shut down so and then to apply for a job that companies are open now you have a huge job market going for just a couple of openings as opposed to because I forgot what unemployment in texas,
SPEAKER_L: texas
SPEAKER_R: I don't even know how they handled it because unemployment the offices are only set up to have X. Amount of people at one time. Not a mass. I mean people couldn't get through to file for unemployment and it was a big mess. I don't know how it is up in colorado because I know it's for spread out because I live in Dallas it's all urban. It's um all the social distancing and actually for a little bit there was about a month period or maybe a three week period where they actually just pretty much opened everything up, everything was free open. There was really no rules you have to wear a mask social distance he went away for I've been in maybe and all hell broke loose again. They, no. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: mhm
SPEAKER_R: Are you sure there?
SPEAKER_L: I'm still here, I've got a nice silhouette for you at the moment though, I think it may have timed out
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: on,
SPEAKER_R: want it?
SPEAKER_L: I don't know if it's my end of you,
SPEAKER_R: I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: but I've got your audio,
SPEAKER_R: Okay so you couldn't see me?
SPEAKER_L: I can hear you, I can see a nice little silhouette that I think is supposed to depict you, so people yeah, having my first one, so I'm it's an interesting thing, so Uh huh Okay, yeah, on
SPEAKER_R: yeah.
SPEAKER_L: my end, just to let you know what happened was the audio was kind of slowing down here for a bit and
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: the audio was kicking out a little bit. Uh so again, I don't know if going back to what you mentioned earlier, it could be just congestion as far as the network goes locally, so
SPEAKER_R: Could be
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's like going back to what you're saying earlier, I know
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: Colorado has had a rough
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: extent, but uh most part our challenge here is kind of like a lot of space is that since we got got back uh we have a Democratic governor, of course, we've been mostly in some sort of state of lockdown pretty much since it started. So um I tell you what,
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: this is definitely something
SPEAKER_R: That works
SPEAKER_L: that I know my family in particular, they thought that this wasn't going to be all that long and then of course, go on awesome.
SPEAKER_R: whole flatten the curve er for 15 days and 15 days to turn into four or five months. They just kept screaming it to where it now, it's not even really about flattening the curve anymore, is this pretty much however long they want to do this for her And sadly there's really, I mean there is some if everybody just stood up to it but nobody's going to so uh first when this first happened it was the whole 15 days, that's all you heard? Flat the curve. I don't even hear that terminology anymore here the flattened occur, it's pretty much gone out the window is now everybody's kind of sadly just accepting this is how it is, it really isn't fun. I mean we had we went to get something to eat and you know they had like a couple of tables open and alarm as it's just, it's all different. Uh I mean because I remember going into the restaurant, I forgot the masking the car, so I have to go back and get it, it's just remembering stuff like that, it's a pain like,
SPEAKER_L: Oh it is, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: but I don't think anybody knew it was going to last this long, they're probably, you know, some people are skeptical that this is gonna go on as long as they wanted to. Yeah, this was back in March, I think March, middle of March and now we're at the middle of august No,
SPEAKER_L: Again, I think once we have the vaccine, things
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: will definitely go pretty quickly direction, but
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I mean we're probably still looking a couple of months at least on that 1000. Um
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, so I don't know if you caught one of the stories that came up recently
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: that really caught my attention was Russia rushing to go get a vaccine out and I'm
SPEAKER_R: already,
SPEAKER_L: like, I don't know,
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: skipping the whole trial first to me. Just sounds like you're potentially setting yourself up for a massive disaster, but hopefully that yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. See I didn't hear about that, I haven't really been keeping up with how other countries are actually taking this and their steps in place and what they're doing. I don't think it's, it's not a worldwide regulation. It actually for the United
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: States, it wasn't even a statewide regulation. I think every city was almost doing their own thing. At first, I think then texas kind of came together and kind of at first every city was just on their own. Like this city Dallas was doing their thing, This other city was doing their thing. This school was opened, the basketball wasn't open. And that's the thing you have now, is its schools being open? I don't know if, I honestly don't know if colleges are open. It's about that time there's some schools that it's almost like a, you can send your kids are not seeing your kids. I guess the teachers would obviously have to be there. I don't know how it works. So I don't have kids. So I'm not really tapped into that how, but you know, I have friends and family that are in college, but I think most of them are doing remote and, and I know the thing that comes into play there is like people that are going to these ivy league schools are these prestigious schools. If you take them out of the school and now we're doing them online, I'm like, I don't want to be paying tuition to do online school. Because the point of doing the story is it's networking, it's having all the resources at
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: your disposal. You take that away
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: from me, learn online. I mean you can do that. Just a community, not a community college. If you're going to four year brother, then it just becomes, you're just going, but they're not lower in their tuition. Don't
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: never do no.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. When, when I was
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: going, um, they were just really starting to do remote education as far as an option goes amazing to me was despite the fact, and obviously I don't know exactly what the operating costs are, but it's less overhead. Certainly the traditional classroom yet. They were teaching me not only the regular class city, but they were charging me the technology feeding. So it's like, okay, so you have reduced costs were in, but you're charging me more as a student. Okay,
SPEAKER_R: Bottom.
SPEAKER_L: let's sing after on this. But yeah, I think it's an interesting thing that you see a discrepancy between the colleges and the other school systems because again, I know in the college and exploring that option for a long time now, again, it's convenient if you want that
SPEAKER_R: How?
SPEAKER_L: route. Uh certainly it's bad for networking and whatnot, but if you're not living right next to the school that you want to go to, for whatever reason, uh certainly that's a perk of doing remote education because
SPEAKER_R: Little
SPEAKER_L: you can do
SPEAKER_R: connection
SPEAKER_L: it anywhere, or like, for example,
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: if you're working in a place where you're on the road all the time, uh certainly that would be more beneficial. You're not able to be there in the classroom. Um But yeah, it's uh definitely a challenge there. Uh huh. What? But yeah, for the other schools, again, I know uh a lot of it's kind of a challenge for perspective. I mean, I know I've looked at a couple of these places that have opened back up and again,
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: the biggest issue is it kind of goes back to your point about, you know, every city is kind of doing their own thing. Schools are kind. Um, so I'm all for if, if they want to open school back up for traditional learning, you know, and they've got some good tape options. Um, biggest concern I've got, and again, I don't work
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: in that environment, but if I were a teacher or, you know, some other staff member at the school, while the kids maybe certainly lower risk as far
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: as getting a really bad case of coronavirus, uh, teachers, staff members, maybe not. So, um, again, I know my biggest concern is with some of the schools I've seen that have opened up early because again, august timeframe some schools are open. Uh, is, I've seen a lot of pictures of students who go in and, you know, they're just like in traditional school environment, nice impact in the hallways, nice impact in the classroom, You know, all of that does not sound like a good idea,
SPEAKER_R: Back
SPEAKER_L: as far as social distancing and whatnot goes,
SPEAKER_R: brian
SPEAKER_L: you know?
SPEAKER_R: it's almost impossible social distance in school
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: especially elementary all those schools. Because I mean there you got I mean here you had a couple 1000 kids at the school and these tight hallways so it would almost be impossible to
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: I mean I don't know how they would do it. You would almost have to have it to where one class lets out at the time. Because you know you have they heard some schools going to where they aren't doing the switching classes. You know high school is all about. You have seven classes, seven teachers you're walking all over. I don't know how they would do that. You can't have one teacher. This is an elementary where
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: one teach
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: every subject. It wouldn't work like that in high school.
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: So I don't know how they would do it. I know that one point here in texas and I don't know if they would ever go to it, it would be like the kids would only go to school on, there would be a monday Wednesday classes in a Tuesday thursday and it would be split up by last names. I don't know, that seems like a mess too. I don't know how they would do that. I'm on.
SPEAKER_L: I've heard like some of the other things they've been talking about is having alternating days, you know, you'll have kids today, and then, you know, half of the class coming the other day, and I'm like, I don't know, this this sounds too complicated to me and, you
SPEAKER_R: Hey
SPEAKER_L: know, that's, you
SPEAKER_R: frank.
SPEAKER_L: know, that's get all the kids, but you know, going back to one of the things you said, as far as college goes, I think the real downside, and again, this is something I can totally understand. I'm in the same boat, I don't have any kids. Um you know, I did have a kid, uh part of the big experience of school is having that networking aspect, being able to talk with, you know, uh the friendships that you forged and then having to work without. I mean you can do some of that online, but I mean again it's just really tough to do, especially when you're younger age to try to do that. I know one of the things that they were mentioning was the
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: struggles with some of the younger students, you know, like first graders or whatever and They're getting 200 day and they couldn't keep up and I'm like well uh that does sound like a problem, but again, it's tough to
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: try to translate those into the traditional sort of set up, especially when you have schools that are definitely not set up for that. Um
SPEAKER_R: bray?
SPEAKER_L: It'll be interesting to see if a lot of that ends up changing as a result of this. Uh I was reading something not too long ago they were talking about is the snow day over. Well I think that,
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, I heard about that.
SPEAKER_L: but yeah,
SPEAKER_R: And,
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: and for the all these parents now have to almost become teachers and they
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: don't have, I mean these teachers go and get bachelor's
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: and master's degree and and
SPEAKER_L: with.
SPEAKER_R: how to deal with kids, their psyche, especially the younger kids, like they're the ones you have to kind of mold their minds
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: more. High school kids. I could probably easily, I taught myself because I was, it was easy for me, but my parents, you know, both of them worked and that's how a lot of families are and they don't know what to really do and some of them aren't tech savvy at all. And
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it was a mess because I have a lot of friends that have kids, so they were just sharing all their experiences on social media with, with all this stuff and uh so they're having, you know,
SPEAKER_L: we're
SPEAKER_R: they're
SPEAKER_L: going
SPEAKER_R: working
SPEAKER_L: to have
SPEAKER_R: from home to their kids are going to school, so it was like kind of a madhouse in there. Uh I hear you're paying on that because I wouldn't, I mean, I sometimes like some of the stuff I know the subjects, but it's hard
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: for me to teach
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: somebody
SPEAKER_L: mentioned.
SPEAKER_R: who doesn't know one thing about it. Like to Yeah, I mean they go to school for a reason. These teachers, it's it's about having a relationship with the students, so and some of the parents can't do it and then, you know, as humans,
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: you know, we like social interaction. So the kids are being taken away from all that, it can stunt their growth in terms of socially, they're being taught to stay away from everybody. So I don't know about the long term effects on like for me, you we've already had, you know, we've already grown up with that, you know, so we it's already ingrained in us with these kids if they're seeing this, I feel kind of sorry for the ones that are like first grade, there's this is what school may be normal for them is being, I've seen photos, it could've just been a stock photo to kind of scare tactic. But like kids at lunch, we're just sitting all over the place is separated like almost, I wouldn't even say like prison because the prison, they're all just sitting like this. So it's kind of like they're all over the place, they're not talking because it's just and then, yeah, I mean the prisons,
SPEAKER_L: my,
SPEAKER_R: like in texas, you
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: can
SPEAKER_R: they're
SPEAKER_L: do,
SPEAKER_R: releasing a lot of the
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: non
SPEAKER_L: can understand.
SPEAKER_R: violent offenders who only had maybe a couple of months left on their sins. They were just releasing them out. So it's been, I mean, I guess nobody really prepares
SPEAKER_L: if
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: everybody's
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: just doing it on the fly that schools have at the heart of what they're going to do because you know, here in texas,
SPEAKER_L: Well for
SPEAKER_R: like football
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: way
SPEAKER_R: very big,
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's huge. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: but supposedly they're playing, it's their kind of staggers starting with some of their smaller schools are starting earlier than the bigger tools, I don't know the reasoning on that, but they're kind of stagger starting and I got football is king, here is what college football is, a little different, you know, they've already
SPEAKER_L: what about
SPEAKER_R: couple
SPEAKER_L: you?
SPEAKER_R: of conferences and hold drop out, so I don't know how it's all gonna work.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's very interesting what the sports thing, I don't know how many of these team sports, I mean looking at like baseball for example as far as a team sport goes that's probably about
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: as socially distant as you yet. We've had a number of outbreaks that have occurred just a
SPEAKER_R: yeah,
SPEAKER_L: couple of weeks in the shortened season. So again I think about the football. I mean you've got all these young men and and adults who were playing and they may be very fit and whatnot if you get hit with it. I mean you might still have a really bad case and worse than
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: that you might be spreading it to the rest of your teammates.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, that's the whole thing, you know, it's it's course for their demographic, their top, you know, athletes, they're some of the most athletic people in the world and all this, but it doesn't mean they're immune to everything. And there's still people working in the facilities, you got just regular staff members, I'm sure there are, they're probably not going to be there at all times. And I know in football they did away with there's gonna be no like press conferences um or in person interviews. It's all gonna be remote. Basketball is a little different. I've seen them when they do their interviews. They are there are six ft away and they have like a big mike that paints down. So it I've tried
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: to watch faithful. It's hard for me to get into it without the fans there. I just feel they have.
SPEAKER_L: but okay.
SPEAKER_R: Thanks. Very all
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I think I got you back. I had a little bit ignorant on your end girl. What?
SPEAKER_R: I think we're almost I've dropped you I lost you about five minutes ago. I just reloaded the page and came back.
SPEAKER_L: Okay that's what happened.
SPEAKER_R: Let me see it. Yeah so we're
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: at 24 minutes. Um we can go to we can go to 925 just in case they don't count before the nine obviously
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: on
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: the safe.
SPEAKER_L: a good idea just in case. I mean
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well 25.
SPEAKER_L: go quite there. But yeah I know we're pretty close anyway. Um I think one of the things that baseball, basketball has done pretty well and I wish that some of the other sports were doing this and it doesn't really affect the game itself. But uh keep them isolated or at least they attempt to keep them isolated as far as, you know, when you go to a place you hang on that room, don't go do things in that way, you know, you minimize the potential catching the illness while you're there. Um And I think that's a good idea unfortunately though the downside is, and I know this just because I do some traveling myself. Uh if you're out we haven't been before, you kind of want to go out the stress. So I mean it can have all the best friends in the world, but at the end of the day you still want to have fun.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah they're they're humans they're they're young adults. They wanna even with this going on and that's a whole other aspect you bring the sports is now what do you do with players and it already happened in baseball? You know some they went to the strip club where they did this now that's a whole other element you are to discipline them and how often and how long you discipline them. And it's funny the NBA set up like a hotline players can call because the NBA is in a bubble in the Major League Baseball is and so the N. B. A. Is they're all playing in Orlando so they're playing all right and I think they're almost at one hotel or just
SPEAKER_L: Very
SPEAKER_R: close
SPEAKER_L: much.
SPEAKER_R: by. So they have a hotline where players can set up where players can call that no player A. I saw him he went out there and you're bringing this element and people snitching on people like hey this person we have a big game with him tomorrow because are they going to verify this? I saw a player a hanging out over here. They really weren't. They may want to try to get him in trouble. I don't know it's just a hole. Yeah. And especially in the N. B. A. Is obviously N. B. A. And football camera social distance
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: on the field. Uh Especially on NBA. I mean N. B. A. Is like 10 players all within
SPEAKER_L: 20.
SPEAKER_R: this 2030 ft perimeter football. Football is you kind of you can be spread out a little bit but everything the play usually comes together but I don't know what they're gonna do. They said something about having helmets that have a uh like all the helmets are going to be required to have like a face guard. Like the cover your mouth. We'll see if that if they actually enforced. Uh Yeah I mean but there's still even during all this pandemic you know they're still human. They're still young adults. Yeah they're still gonna wanna travel they're gonna you know they're gonna be they're gonna try the total line as far as they can see what they can get away with. But that's definitely gonna come up that somebody's going to get spending there doc page because they found out they went somewhere they weren't supposed to. That's hard for like the N. B. A. Because the NBA this regular season set up to where a lot of them travel and sometimes on the road a couple of weeks so they're free from everything. They do whatever they want. I think they have a curfew. But other than that they can go wherever. Now they're kind of locked in where everything has to come to them. Like after the game they go back to they have like almost a little bubble and now the NBA has allowed to where they can have family and friends and now they're going to start allowing each player to have like four family members being able to attend the games. So we'll see like what texas, high school football. I don't know how the fans are going to work is is gonna be at what percentage of capacity because in the NFL there's some teams that says where I can have any fans for any of our own games. So then it's not a league wide mandated rule. Like it's up to the teams of how they want to handle the fans like here in Dallas. They've had it to where they haven't said what capacity. But the owner jerry jones was like, we're going to have fans. I don't know how they already said no fans. Um and that's for, that was even for baseball before they went to the no fans, I'll just say it, it's gonna be interesting for football season, college football because I don't know how this is already been like 34 conferences that are kind of already about out. So it's all going to work well. So, and then the elections coming up in about three months and now you have flu season with Covid and we'll see how it goes. Most people with flu like with me, like with the flu, if I got the flu, just self medicating like, uh, but now that I haven't been sick since all this has happened. So now I may be a little more nervous if I got and not just for myself because you know, I'm around my girlfriend or family and to spread it to them
SPEAKER_L: Actually,
SPEAKER_R: and then so we'll see. Usually I get sick around november december almost every year, I could say about one time of year and that's it's usually the flu season. Oh
SPEAKER_L: Well, you know, we have definitely meant I think the 25 minute limit. So I, you know, I could go on for a lot longer. But you know what, I'm glad that we were able to talk. It's definitely a good experiment. I know we had a couple of technical glitches, but uh yeah, definitely. It was nice to talk with you and good luck with the job. It
SPEAKER_R: Thank you
SPEAKER_L: is a real tough time right now. So best of what shooting
SPEAKER_R: june. Okay, thank you. Have a nice night.