uh huh. Your witness? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
I'm ready. I'm just glad you showed up. I've had like three noses. Yeah. I like three notes on this thing.
But
huh.
I think you have, I
think you have to complete the whole conversation. I don't, they shouldn't do the no shows that I did two of these like earlier in the year. So if the no shows counted, I would have already been like screened out. So yeah, I've racked up a dollar 53 times. I actually did one of these yesterday. So and I think you can do it. Yeah. Like you said you can do four of them. So yeah, 15. I mean after today I would be my fourth added to earlier in the year, one yesterday, one today. So I'll be done. I'm just
glad
like go
ahead. I was gonna say I like that they did yesterday. They signed up for the times And they just gave me appointment today. So it was only about 24 hours in between, about a week ago. They gave me one, it wasn't until like eight days later. So I'm like uh
this stuff comes up in eight days you know? And I'm like the people may forget about it and I had a feeling and I prefer like the morning ones. It seems like people are more, I guess stuff comes up during the day. I know me and my girlfriend just got mad from doing our thing eating and so it sets up perfectly. Yeah.
No.
sure it sounds pretty good. I'm just at home. I've been for those for a while so at home is trying to keep busy my mind active and everything like that. Oh
and where are you located? Okay. I got family. I got family like right they live about 10 minutes from the airport. So I guess that's denver And so I'm in Dallas in Texas. Yeah, here about a 12 hour if you drive it, which might have a cousin
drive up to denver a couple of months ago. It took them 10, 12 hours like that.
he picked up his girlfriend love it. They stopped in new Mexico. So it wasn't a straight drive. But my cousin who lives up there, he's did it in just one straight slope and he may have stopped for a rest stop, but it was, it was a straight shot. He left that light four in the morning Or
two, AM, something like that. All
No.
Uh about 34 hours is my max and then I'm kind of getting burned out on driving. So, because I mean you can drive for hours in texas and still be in the state I think to go From the bottom to the top, it's a, I think it's about a 12 hour drive.
What?
But
what?
mm, it's very, but I will say it's pretty dull driving through it because it's all flat, there's hardly any, I mean you're not really seeing anything, there's really no mountains or any type of forestry, it's pretty blend because I have friends who drive trucks, so they've been all over the country and they say texas is probably one of the most boring states to drive through other than maybe like Kansas and Nebraska.
I believe you'll probably, you're not probably not far from Kansas, are you?
Definitely
basic,
Okay, let's cut the sick, so I'm guessing
it is as flat as they say it is,
what part of colorado are you?
All right,
couple
Um At first it was kind of like at first it was actually kind of just get a break from work and it was just kind of just relaxing but as times went on you know I didn't
expect it to last this long
so then then it becomes kind of more frustrating is like the job market here is even kind of it's kind of iffy anyways like to go find something else. It's uh
so many people have been furloughed laid off, companies have shut down so and then to apply for a job that companies are open now you have a huge job market going for just a couple of openings as opposed to because I forgot what unemployment in texas,
I don't even know how they handled it because unemployment the offices are only set up to have X. Amount of people at one time. Not a mass. I mean people couldn't get through to file for unemployment and it was a big mess. I don't know how it is up in colorado because I know it's for spread out because I live in Dallas it's all urban. It's um all the social distancing and actually for a little bit there was about a month period or maybe a three week period where they actually just pretty much opened everything up, everything was free open. There was really no rules you have to wear a mask social distance he went away for I've been in maybe and all hell broke loose again. They, no. Yeah.
Are you sure there?
you
want it?
I don't know.
Okay so you couldn't see me?
yeah.
it's
Could be
all
Mhm.
what?
That works
whole flatten the curve er for 15 days and 15 days to turn into four or five months. They just kept screaming it to where it now, it's not even really about flattening the curve anymore, is this pretty much however long they want to do this for her And sadly there's really, I mean there is some if everybody just stood up to it but nobody's going to so uh first when this first happened it was the whole 15 days, that's all you heard? Flat the curve. I don't even hear that terminology anymore here the flattened occur, it's pretty much gone out the window is now everybody's kind of sadly just accepting this is how it is, it really isn't fun. I mean we had we went to get something to eat and you know they had like a couple of tables open and alarm as it's just, it's all different. Uh I mean because I remember going into the restaurant, I forgot the masking the car, so I have to go back and get it, it's just remembering stuff like that, it's a pain like,
but I don't think anybody knew it was going to last this long, they're probably, you know, some people are skeptical that this is gonna go on as long as they wanted to. Yeah, this was back in March, I think March, middle of March and now we're at the middle of august No,
no.
What?
Uh huh.
But
already,
No.
Yeah. See I didn't hear about that, I haven't really been keeping up with how other countries are actually taking this and their steps in place and what they're doing. I don't think it's, it's not a worldwide regulation. It actually for the United
States, it wasn't even a statewide regulation. I think every city was almost doing their own thing. At first, I think then texas kind of came together and kind of at first every city was just on their own. Like this city Dallas was doing their thing, This other city was doing their thing. This school was opened, the basketball wasn't open. And that's the thing you have now, is its schools being open? I don't know if, I honestly don't know if colleges are open. It's about that time there's some schools that it's almost like a, you can send your kids are not seeing your kids. I guess the teachers would obviously have to be there. I don't know how it works. So I don't have kids. So I'm not really tapped into that how, but you know, I have friends and family that are in college, but I think most of them are doing remote and, and I know the thing that comes into play there is like people that are going to these ivy league schools are these prestigious schools. If you take them out of the school and now we're doing them online, I'm like, I don't want to be paying tuition to do online school. Because the point of doing the story is it's networking, it's having all the resources at
your disposal. You take that away
from me, learn online. I mean you can do that. Just a community, not a community college. If you're going to four year brother, then it just becomes, you're just going, but they're not lower in their tuition. Don't
never do no.
What?
Bottom.
How?
Little
connection
no.
No.
what?
What
Back
brian
it's almost impossible social distance in school
especially elementary all those schools. Because I mean there you got I mean here you had a couple 1000 kids at the school and these tight hallways so it would almost be impossible to
I mean I don't know how they would do it. You would almost have to have it to where one class lets out at the time. Because you know you have they heard some schools going to where they aren't doing the switching classes. You know high school is all about. You have seven classes, seven teachers you're walking all over. I don't know how they would do that. You can't have one teacher. This is an elementary where
one teach
every subject. It wouldn't work like that in high school.
So I don't know how they would do it. I know that one point here in texas and I don't know if they would ever go to it, it would be like the kids would only go to school on, there would be a monday Wednesday classes in a Tuesday thursday and it would be split up by last names. I don't know, that seems like a mess too. I don't know how they would do that. I'm on.
Hey
frank.
No.
What
bray?
Oh yeah, I heard about that.
And,
and for the all these parents now have to almost become teachers and they
don't have, I mean these teachers go and get bachelor's
and master's degree and and
how to deal with kids, their psyche, especially the younger kids, like they're the ones you have to kind of mold their minds
more. High school kids. I could probably easily, I taught myself because I was, it was easy for me, but my parents, you know, both of them worked and that's how a lot of families are and they don't know what to really do and some of them aren't tech savvy at all. And
yeah, it was a mess because I have a lot of friends that have kids, so they were just sharing all their experiences on social media with, with all this stuff and uh so they're having, you know,
they're
working
from home to their kids are going to school, so it was like kind of a madhouse in there. Uh I hear you're paying on that because I wouldn't, I mean, I sometimes like some of the stuff I know the subjects, but it's hard
for me to teach
somebody
who doesn't know one thing about it. Like to Yeah, I mean they go to school for a reason. These teachers, it's it's about having a relationship with the students, so and some of the parents can't do it and then, you know, as humans,
you know, we like social interaction. So the kids are being taken away from all that, it can stunt their growth in terms of socially, they're being taught to stay away from everybody. So I don't know about the long term effects on like for me, you we've already had, you know, we've already grown up with that, you know, so we it's already ingrained in us with these kids if they're seeing this, I feel kind of sorry for the ones that are like first grade, there's this is what school may be normal for them is being, I've seen photos, it could've just been a stock photo to kind of scare tactic. But like kids at lunch, we're just sitting all over the place is separated like almost, I wouldn't even say like prison because the prison, they're all just sitting like this. So it's kind of like they're all over the place, they're not talking because it's just and then, yeah, I mean the prisons,
like in texas, you
know,
they're
releasing a lot of the
non
violent offenders who only had maybe a couple of months left on their sins. They were just releasing them out. So it's been, I mean, I guess nobody really prepares
for
everybody's
just doing it on the fly that schools have at the heart of what they're going to do because you know, here in texas,
like football
is
very big,
but supposedly they're playing, it's their kind of staggers starting with some of their smaller schools are starting earlier than the bigger tools, I don't know the reasoning on that, but they're kind of stagger starting and I got football is king, here is what college football is, a little different, you know, they've already
couple
of conferences and hold drop out, so I don't know how it's all gonna work.
And
yeah,
no,
yeah, that's the whole thing, you know, it's it's course for their demographic, their top, you know, athletes, they're some of the most athletic people in the world and all this, but it doesn't mean they're immune to everything. And there's still people working in the facilities, you got just regular staff members, I'm sure there are, they're probably not going to be there at all times. And I know in football they did away with there's gonna be no like press conferences um or in person interviews. It's all gonna be remote. Basketball is a little different. I've seen them when they do their interviews. They are there are six ft away and they have like a big mike that paints down. So it I've tried
to watch faithful. It's hard for me to get into it without the fans there. I just feel they have.
Thanks. Very all
I think we're almost I've dropped you I lost you about five minutes ago. I just reloaded the page and came back.
Let me see it. Yeah so we're
at 24 minutes. Um we can go to we can go to 925 just in case they don't count before the nine obviously
on
the safe.
Yeah. Well 25.
Yeah they're they're humans they're they're young adults. They wanna even with this going on and that's a whole other aspect you bring the sports is now what do you do with players and it already happened in baseball? You know some they went to the strip club where they did this now that's a whole other element you are to discipline them and how often and how long you discipline them. And it's funny the NBA set up like a hotline players can call because the NBA is in a bubble in the Major League Baseball is and so the N. B. A. Is they're all playing in Orlando so they're playing all right and I think they're almost at one hotel or just
close
by. So they have a hotline where players can set up where players can call that no player A. I saw him he went out there and you're bringing this element and people snitching on people like hey this person we have a big game with him tomorrow because are they going to verify this? I saw a player a hanging out over here. They really weren't. They may want to try to get him in trouble. I don't know it's just a hole. Yeah. And especially in the N. B. A. Is obviously N. B. A. And football camera social distance
on the field. Uh Especially on NBA. I mean N. B. A. Is like 10 players all within
this 2030 ft perimeter football. Football is you kind of you can be spread out a little bit but everything the play usually comes together but I don't know what they're gonna do. They said something about having helmets that have a uh like all the helmets are going to be required to have like a face guard. Like the cover your mouth. We'll see if that if they actually enforced. Uh Yeah I mean but there's still even during all this pandemic you know they're still human. They're still young adults. Yeah they're still gonna wanna travel they're gonna you know they're gonna be they're gonna try the total line as far as they can see what they can get away with. But that's definitely gonna come up that somebody's going to get spending there doc page because they found out they went somewhere they weren't supposed to. That's hard for like the N. B. A. Because the NBA this regular season set up to where a lot of them travel and sometimes on the road a couple of weeks so they're free from everything. They do whatever they want. I think they have a curfew. But other than that they can go wherever. Now they're kind of locked in where everything has to come to them. Like after the game they go back to they have like almost a little bubble and now the NBA has allowed to where they can have family and friends and now they're going to start allowing each player to have like four family members being able to attend the games. So we'll see like what texas, high school football. I don't know how the fans are going to work is is gonna be at what percentage of capacity because in the NFL there's some teams that says where I can have any fans for any of our own games. So then it's not a league wide mandated rule. Like it's up to the teams of how they want to handle the fans like here in Dallas. They've had it to where they haven't said what capacity. But the owner jerry jones was like, we're going to have fans. I don't know how they already said no fans. Um and that's for, that was even for baseball before they went to the no fans, I'll just say it, it's gonna be interesting for football season, college football because I don't know how this is already been like 34 conferences that are kind of already about out. So it's all going to work well. So, and then the elections coming up in about three months and now you have flu season with Covid and we'll see how it goes. Most people with flu like with me, like with the flu, if I got the flu, just self medicating like, uh, but now that I haven't been sick since all this has happened. So now I may be a little more nervous if I got and not just for myself because you know, I'm around my girlfriend or family and to spread it to them
and then so we'll see. Usually I get sick around november december almost every year, I could say about one time of year and that's it's usually the flu season. Oh
Thank you
june. Okay, thank you. Have a nice night.