Hello. Yeah I guess for a couple of minutes earlier I'm in Iraq if you are.
yeah the first time I tried to do this I didn't have a show up either so uh yeah I was actually kind of worried I thought I might be a no show and uh I had something come
up at the last minute but I got here and as you can see I've got here a couple of minutes early so that's always a good thing. So um yeah kind of the issue like this is you got to different people and unfortunately you know just because you are available at that particular time doesn't necessarily mean uh you're going to be available then. But it would be nice if they like send a message along and that way they can let you know but I mean the plus side at least is I don't know if you consider that as part of the four overall that you can participate in but If not then uh certainly
you're getting a buck 50. Right.
Help.
I
wasn't
Go ahead.
Well.
Yeah
and again that's always the biggest issue is during the day, I mean people are probably just waking up or whatever so you know they don't have any. So yeah, it's amazing how some of those things can definitely come up. So how was your week gone?
yeah.
But
Oh yeah indeed do it in one time. Uh huh.
Two.
I couldn't do that
to you
Mhm. Yeah, it's
impressive just how big texas is. I mean unless you go through there you just don't
appreciate just how big it is. I mean I guess a lot of states are like that, but texas in particular, I mean it looks kind of big when you look at the map,
but when you go to texas, you realize it really isn't it?
I was about to mention everything. You get to have your Red bull's ready for those.
Oh, we're
pretty close and I've gone through there a couple times every single time I have to go through Kansas, it's very entertained trying
to keep me.
So
it is, yeah, there's absolutely nothing going on unless you go to like Kansas city, everything else is just nice and flat, nothing going on. You know, if you get lost, you will never know.
colorado springs. So it's uh definitely not Denver proper, but the nice thing is we've got all sorts of different things going on here. So, um, I kind of like it. I've lived here a good part of my life, so
I want to play the best place I've ever lived, but families here, so um that's usually I guess how a lot of that boils out, so I ended up going somewhere else for a couple of years for work and then I finally after a couple of years was able to get back here, so I was definitely happy about that, so I'm going to ask you because
I'm thankful that I haven't experienced it myself, so how long has a furlough experience been for you?
but
absolutely,
yeah,
texas
mhm
I'm still here, I've got a nice silhouette for you at the moment though, I think it may have timed out
on,
I don't know if it's my end of you,
but I've got your audio,
I can hear you, I can see a nice little silhouette that I think is supposed to depict you, so people yeah, having my first one, so I'm it's an interesting thing, so Uh huh Okay, yeah, on
my end, just to let you know what happened was the audio was kind of slowing down here for a bit and
the audio was kicking out a little bit. Uh so again, I don't know if going back to what you mentioned earlier, it could be just congestion as far as the network goes locally, so
yeah, it's like going back to what you're saying earlier, I know
Colorado has had a rough
extent, but uh most part our challenge here is kind of like a lot of space is that since we got got back uh we have a Democratic governor, of course, we've been mostly in some sort of state of lockdown pretty much since it started. So um I tell you what,
this is definitely something
that I know my family in particular, they thought that this wasn't going to be all that long and then of course, go on awesome.
Oh it is, yeah.
Again, I think once we have the vaccine, things
will definitely go pretty quickly direction, but
I mean we're probably still looking a couple of months at least on that 1000. Um
Yes, so I don't know if you caught one of the stories that came up recently
that really caught my attention was Russia rushing to go get a vaccine out and I'm
like, I don't know,
skipping the whole trial first to me. Just sounds like you're potentially setting yourself up for a massive disaster, but hopefully that yeah.
what?
Hello?
It's
no,
Yeah. When, when I was
going, um, they were just really starting to do remote education as far as an option goes amazing to me was despite the fact, and obviously I don't know exactly what the operating costs are, but it's less overhead. Certainly the traditional classroom yet. They were teaching me not only the regular class city, but they were charging me the technology feeding. So it's like, okay, so you have reduced costs were in, but you're charging me more as a student. Okay,
let's sing after on this. But yeah, I think it's an interesting thing that you see a discrepancy between the colleges and the other school systems because again, I know in the college and exploring that option for a long time now, again, it's convenient if you want that
route. Uh certainly it's bad for networking and whatnot, but if you're not living right next to the school that you want to go to, for whatever reason, uh certainly that's a perk of doing remote education because
you can do
it anywhere, or like, for example,
if you're working in a place where you're on the road all the time, uh certainly that would be more beneficial. You're not able to be there in the classroom. Um But yeah, it's uh definitely a challenge there. Uh huh. What? But yeah, for the other schools, again, I know uh a lot of it's kind of a challenge for perspective. I mean, I know I've looked at a couple of these places that have opened back up and again,
the biggest issue is it kind of goes back to your point about, you know, every city is kind of doing their own thing. Schools are kind. Um, so I'm all for if, if they want to open school back up for traditional learning, you know, and they've got some good tape options. Um, biggest concern I've got, and again, I don't work
in that environment, but if I were a teacher or, you know, some other staff member at the school, while the kids maybe certainly lower risk as far
as getting a really bad case of coronavirus, uh, teachers, staff members, maybe not. So, um, again, I know my biggest concern is with some of the schools I've seen that have opened up early because again, august timeframe some schools are open. Uh, is, I've seen a lot of pictures of students who go in and, you know, they're just like in traditional school environment, nice impact in the hallways, nice impact in the classroom, You know, all of that does not sound like a good idea,
as far as social distancing and whatnot goes,
you know?
Absolutely.
it's
No,
the
no.
I've heard like some of the other things they've been talking about is having alternating days, you know, you'll have kids today, and then, you know, half of the class coming the other day, and I'm like, I don't know, this this sounds too complicated to me and, you
know, that's, you
know, that's get all the kids, but you know, going back to one of the things you said, as far as college goes, I think the real downside, and again, this is something I can totally understand. I'm in the same boat, I don't have any kids. Um you know, I did have a kid, uh part of the big experience of school is having that networking aspect, being able to talk with, you know, uh the friendships that you forged and then having to work without. I mean you can do some of that online, but I mean again it's just really tough to do, especially when you're younger age to try to do that. I know one of the things that they were mentioning was the
struggles with some of the younger students, you know, like first graders or whatever and They're getting 200 day and they couldn't keep up and I'm like well uh that does sound like a problem, but again, it's tough to
try to translate those into the traditional sort of set up, especially when you have schools that are definitely not set up for that. Um
It'll be interesting to see if a lot of that ends up changing as a result of this. Uh I was reading something not too long ago they were talking about is the snow day over. Well I think that,
but yeah,
good.
know
that's
with.
What?
No.
we're
going
to have
you
just
mentioned.
Thank you.
my,
you
can
do,
you
can understand.
if
you
have
Well for
this
way
Oh that's huge. Yeah. Yeah.
what about
you?
Yeah, it's very interesting what the sports thing, I don't know how many of these team sports, I mean looking at like baseball for example as far as a team sport goes that's probably about
as socially distant as you yet. We've had a number of outbreaks that have occurred just a
couple of weeks in the shortened season. So again I think about the football. I mean you've got all these young men and and adults who were playing and they may be very fit and whatnot if you get hit with it. I mean you might still have a really bad case and worse than
that you might be spreading it to the rest of your teammates.
What?
but okay.
Okay. I think I got you back. I had a little bit ignorant on your end girl. What?
Okay that's what happened.
What?
I think
that's
a good idea just in case. I mean
go quite there. But yeah I know we're pretty close anyway. Um I think one of the things that baseball, basketball has done pretty well and I wish that some of the other sports were doing this and it doesn't really affect the game itself. But uh keep them isolated or at least they attempt to keep them isolated as far as, you know, when you go to a place you hang on that room, don't go do things in that way, you know, you minimize the potential catching the illness while you're there. Um And I think that's a good idea unfortunately though the downside is, and I know this just because I do some traveling myself. Uh if you're out we haven't been before, you kind of want to go out the stress. So I mean it can have all the best friends in the world, but at the end of the day you still want to have fun.
Very
much.
No.
20.
Actually,
Well, you know, we have definitely meant I think the 25 minute limit. So I, you know, I could go on for a lot longer. But you know what, I'm glad that we were able to talk. It's definitely a good experiment. I know we had a couple of technical glitches, but uh yeah, definitely. It was nice to talk with you and good luck with the job. It
is a real tough time right now. So best of what shooting