Okay, the yeah, okay. Hello? I am, I'm able to hear you. Can you say something again? Can you hear me Okay. Right. I think I will be able to hear, you know, I could hear the mic headphone come out but I couldn't, I still can't hear you. Mhm. I wonder if I nervous to refresh this because then it may go away. Give me one second. Let's try and see what happens. Right. Anything. Can you, can you try to say something? Yeah, no, you know? Okay. Yeah, yep, that's it. And
more
fun.
No,
it's all right, thanks for letting them. So how's it done?
Okay, I'm Kia and I'm from Henderson small town in north Carolina. Mhm.
Um I was born and raised here and then I moved to Chapel hill for undergrad and then florida, Tallahassee florida for graduate school. And then other than um kenya after cambodia and which is in East Asia and then um Ethiopia, so I bounced around a bit, but I just came back in january and so yeah,
uh international education, which is why I moved from countries, yeah.
How long have you moved
better now? I think it's like, like life feels almost normal to a certain extent. Um, I think we've just learned to live with it. I did this actual like talk
um, maybe two months ago and it was more when it was uh quarantine sheltered in place, whatever they call it, and yeah, it was, yeah.
How about you?
well, your instinct
in that
bedroom, were you ever stationed in Fayetteville north Carolina? Okay.
this thing,
and
it's, what is the over like, I can't even imagine what I have in laws in Minnesota and they sent us pictures with already and I'm like, I don't, I just, I can't Yeah.
Yeah, I mean especially coming
forward.
the texas hawaii.
that's fair. Mm hmm.
just
Married in January so I guess nine months. Yeah. Yeah.
Well
we came back to America and I was um um she wanted to change her last name before she started teaching. Um and uh yeah, so we were like, all right, get it done. And then we bought a car and now we just bought a house. So we're just checking off all
the adult american things to do.
Oh, I have,
She didn't take my last one. Yeah. So all of the kids at
school know
her
by,
that can be him right there.
I
can hear you. Do you see me?
I can't give you that. Uh
I could hear you before too.
And
I like
that.
Honestly
that's
what
I
was going
Yeah just like big space like we we just bought a house and it's hard to find a house that like had the space like you know now everyone's finding houses that are just pretty much like right on top of each other. I'm not a fan and we found something that's
in the,
I don't
love
it.
Yeah that'd
Do you eat the duck eggs and the chicken eggs?
when we lived in cambodia
the duck eggs are more common and so I got familiar with them and yeah they're definitely like more filling than a for sure.
Tell
me more.
Okay.
Yes. Yes.
How did you did your husband
know how to
do it or did you have to like look
it up on Youtube? Yeah.
You
All right. All right.
That's, that's a good first experience.
I've only killed two chickens in my life. And both times it was when I was living in kenya and I mean they just pretty much slit the throats, but it's with very dull knives and
so that really awful
experience for me and the chicken, I'm sure. Mhm.
I
was wondering
what,
how heavy
would you say it was?
Whoa.
Harlow.
Do you
think you'll get out of other animals
like goats? Where anymore?
Where
one?
Fair
enough. So I hear that. Yeah.
So
that's
completely,
I mean
you have eight
acres though,
you're going to be busy if you decided to reading things.
What?
And
you do, Yeah,
it's
pretty
good. Chicken. Yeah. Yeah.
We had chilly tonight with some very
spicy hall opinions.
Like my lip is still on fired.
Yeah. My little brother.
Okay. Okay. Is it good?
No.
Well,
my little brother runs with me a few times a week. I worked for four age. Um, and we were right and doing a, like a virtual five K training and I wrote my brand is good because I mean, what else are kids doing right now? And so we, we go running a couple of times a week. He had dinner with us tonight and he liked it to first, he was like, oh, we actually at school all the time and then he ate it and it was just fine. So,
I mean, I wasn't sure that I was like, all right.
We'll see if you like this and he does
by night.
That
sounds delicious.
That's
birthday gift. That's the rule.
Every time I grow.
Every
time
I go to my in laws, my mom and my mother in law always make moves on you because it's like, it's my go to for sure. Yeah.
Yeah.
No, I'm so sweaty. Sorry. I'm like, I think it's partially because of the hard,
I don't know.
Same. Actually
she wouldn't mind. He didn't for
making a lot of
money should
Have
you
done this before?
You never know.
Is
he the painter? Yeah.
And
All right. Do you like to claim?
Okay. So you're just like blah browse?
Come
on in.
That's it. That's nice.
now
I'm like, maybe I want to try that. Um
All
Whoa.
I'm trying to think if
I have enough
places
for that.
Like
I feel like I would do it for like 10 times
and then not want to do it anymore.
I
tried to get into crunchy green.
Is that this one good? How are you?
Two. I think
knitting.
Okay. There in a minute. Yeah. I was never very good.
Don't you?
The
of times I tried
it. That's pretty much what happened. You try to make a scarf, but it was just not, it was not very great. I mean, honestly, I was trying to pass time.
That's what I need.
that's exactly what I mean. Um Other harden
vodka.
It's
like, wow, you you handled that pretty well. It
the no, don't
thank
you.
My olympic really had one fire. Um
I mean I wouldn't mind. God played its That's what? 8:00. Yeah, it's still pretty early.
That's
we're going on.
No.
Oh Nate makes sense. Look at your funny. Yes. I
more in between. Like I'm definitely not at the agent and I were not cocaine and alcohol but uh drinking. Uh huh, drinking for a little bit of time.
My goodness. They're they're really going to have a good time looking at this video.
I would hope that I do it. I always wonder that I'm like, do people I I imagine that the kind of people who do these things are the kind of people who could just talk to each other. I don't think people would get on and argue, but it's hard to say right now.
I mean like
you're
you're in a good
spot
now where you don't have to
see it as much, honestly, like, right,
I
don't love going out into the world. I'm just like, I'm ready for election season to be over and I'm just like, I just want us to calm down like everyone. Yeah.
And someone
thank you.
No.
Yeah, I'm really going
to be
I hear that. Well, thanks for liking people
enough to
chat
tonight.
I
know it's I've signed up for this a couple of times and um well actually three times, one time they didn't show up and then one time they did and that was a couple of months ago and then I signed up again and they didn't show up and then they did so it's always fun because you're like there and it's like a gray screen and then it's like boom someone's there.
thank you thank
good
we are looking into it now. So the plan was the plan was I just hate saying plan, it comes every month, I'm like that's not but yeah we wanted to get a house first and then
the idea thank you. Um want
to get a house first and now we are looking into options for families just trying to think of we we discussed foster and for a very long time um and now we're just just making sure that's what we want to do. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm.
you
too
have a good night. Okay.