fill it with me. I'm trying to use my son's headphones because I wanted to make sure that I was heard. But you wouldn't hear my dogs or anything because I live out. I'm very rural out on the homestead. So we have dogs and cats and ducks and chickens
and,
and I was trying to make it to that you'd only, you'd only hear me, so
if you hear the dogs.
Um I don't know. I feel like pouring some tea or something first. Um Hi, I'm Della, I live in Hopkinsville Kentucky.
You like it there? Have you lived there your whole life?
What were you in school for?
Well, I'm originally from florida, I'm from the Saint Pete Tampa Bay Area. So when you said Tallahassee, I knew exactly what you were talking about. So that's awesome.
How you doing during this covid crab?
Africa.
Yes. Okay.
Well we've only been in Hopkinsville since 2016. Um This is actually our second house because we're military. So my husband retired out of the army after 22 plus years of being in the military. So.
And uh
with
no, it was texas, hawaii, um texas and hawaii and then right here in in Hopkinsville, fort Campbell Kentucky area. So it's been, it's been a treat. I'll tell you we're sitting here like we have our air on now because it's been so hot and my in laws who live in Wisconsin, they already have snow and I'm like, yeah, climate change, not know what, that's not possible. Right. It's ridiculous. Why
do people think this climate change, they literally had two weeks of no snow. Seriously? My son went up there during the pandemic. I took him up there because I just knew, you know, excuse my language, but shit was hitting the fan. So I had taken him up there in june And he spent his 11th birthday up in Wisconsin. And uh, they, I mean they were still was still cold in June and then, you know, now it's like they literally had like six weeks of summer and then that's it. They're done. They've got snow and this is, this is just wreaking havoc on my family. It's it's hilarious watching my 74 year old father in law go, well, can I have to pull out the bulldozers are
bold.
yeah, yeah, we'll see. I love the snow, but it's like I I could, I'll take little bits of it. I couldn't live in snow all the time, even though I'm from like a nordic background, but snow all the time. That would just that piss me.
I
was just correct. Well, no, actually I don't like the hot either. So
here florida's death because not only is it hot, it's wet. So I don't like being hot, but I really don't like being hot and wet. That's just horrible.
Right? Are you so you're married? Yes,
I want. Okay.
you, you jumped the gun? Who made sure you got married before the pandemic? Right?
You knew it was coming?
How?
Yeah. Trust me. It's not it's not fine.
You get to a certain point. Yeah, that's good. That's good. So she took your last name?
He
little
bit per
second.
Uh huh. Don't do this
luke
You go.
Can you hear me
okay? Okay. Well something froze. It
was me, right? Well, like I said, we live, we live rural. I mean we're out in BFV like our neighbors. I could yell out my window and they're not going to hear me okay.
The
cows across the street will hear me. But yeah, I know I've got nobody next to me this way and the people on this side they are behind our of forest line so we can't even see them and you know they weren't there if I was like yeah but okay.
So
you've
been
married
since january. What? Oh that's what you wanted to do. Like homestead?
we're
getting past a cup of sugar to each other. Yeah we
have
eight
we have about eight acres so we haven't done really been able to do anything with it yet. So, but you know of course like I said we have dogs and cats and ducks and chickens and lots of eggs.
Lots of eggs.
Yeah. Okay. so we try, we'd never even duck eggs before which is so awesome. Um The texture of them were so different than the chicken egg. It's unbelievable how how how much more sturdy I guess you could say so my son refuses to eat them but if I put them into bake stuff like in the bread or something like that, they're perfect or even scramble them up. They're they're really good. But
decades were definitely.
Yeah it was it's been a it's been an experience. I mean we've had we've had to cull chicken or two. I don't know if you probably know what that means and most people, most americans have never
done that
you know call a chicken.
Kill it. Okay
kill it. You gotta kill it for food. You know we didn't just go to the grocery store and pick up a chicken. We actually, you know, that was something I was a city girl now, ST Petersburg Tampa Bay, you know, it's not high society or anything. But yeah, it was not a city, I was a city girl and you know, having to kill my first chicken that that took its toll.
I
cry.
No,
I watch Youtube for like weeks going nah, no, that's not uh crap, that's what I'm gonna have to do. And I had even set up, I had even was so bad as I had set up a cooling station where you could stick them
in the top and their neck would come through and you can kill him that way. But the first chicken, the first chicken I had to kill had actually been attacked by an a possum and it was in pain and the only you had to you had kill it so that too make it happy, you know what I mean? And I completely forgot how that works. So I ended up having to kill it by ripping this.
All right. Yeah.
Uh huh. No, it was.
No.
boy.
bonjour. I'm sure the chicken wasn't happy with that either. Oh yeah. But now let's see if I she has killed more things since I've lived here that I've killed in my entire life, I had to kill an a possum with a gun. I think there was an owl that got into our chicken coop. And we're so rural that we don't have animal control here. It's like if you want if you need to have the animal picked up, you better pick it up yourself and take it to the to the S. P. C. A. Or something because there is no person for animal control. And uh so it was okay, well I've got this owl in my chicken coop. What am I supposed to do? Kill it? Oh, okay. I get to kill an out. I never realized how big these things
are
until
you're standing With an owl that has one of its chickens and claws and just looking at you like, what are you gonna do?
You gonna
have to shoot? Uh our was upwards of £30
I think. Yeah, it was freaky. It was way freaky. So I mean it was free. It's that's I mean I swear it was up with just £30 and I'm like, what am I supposed to do with this thing? So I mean you get a big trash bag, put that on the trash bag, take it out to the government pray.
It doesn't stick up the neighborhood until the track. Yeah. Oh
my
So
Um, well I would like to, but right at this point we're doing more of a, we bought, we bought the acreage right now that was behind us. It all came out of the house and the acreage came all together. But the people who lived here before they were using it, they had rented it out to somebody who had been using it to grow corn and alfalfa sprouts and stuff. And then I guess he stopped doing that because of the covid. Right? So our neighbor across the way who you know, like I said, we were rural. I hate that word because it's hard for me to say.
So he planted some clover and stuff out there. So it grew up and he mowed it down for hay
and stuff and we got a couple of bundles of hay for right now. But what we're trying to do is plant, like give some of it back to mother nature, we want to just go out there and just plant some trees and just leave it alone even though it's our property, we kind of want to, you know, we like air, so oxygen, we want to farm oxygen at this
point.
What? So and you know of course grow
become
self,
not completely self sustainable, but you know, because I don't think we've ever raise cows or pigs or anything else like that, that just might be too much work. I'm lazy seriously
late, taking
like
no.
yeah. Oh yeah, well see I I sit here and I see all these people do all these these projects at home, it's like, oh I built, I built a deck on the back of my house and I built this and I built that and I'm like that's great. I have the time, I don't have the money where you're getting all the money to do
all these projects, it's ridiculous. You know it's like even with my husband's retirement pay he still has to work and you know he works he's an assistant manager at Zaxby's. I don't know if you know what
Zaxby's
is or not. Okay. Is that the best chicken
in
the world?
Uh huh. I gotta quit up darling. So what you had for dinner?
They
chile.
Oh that's awesome.
I have leek soup.
I don't mm
that is good as
chile girl.
It's like this is a different kind of chilly honey. That's
Well
well I had to have the leek soup because my husband's birthday was just this past thursday
and he requested lasagna. And yeah okay well see I don't make lasagna. I make a holy shit I'm gonna kill you lasagna. It had seven different cheeses, three different meats, not a vegetable
in sight. Yeah,
I mean you can capture tomato sauces, vegetable kind of but it be like ketchup on french fries. I mean literally it was just there for moisture and I made two of these and each one of these pants had to have been 5-7 lbs each. Him and my son ate them in like
four days.
It was he was
he picked out. Yeah, he picked out. Yeah. Every
time you go
where?
That is so awesome. Okay
now what?
No you're
you're good. I mean hell you're in bed with me so
you can you can tell your wife you are in bed with another woman.
I
love
it. Yeah, that's it. Now. My my husband is going to come, I'm going to be like, you know, I was in bed with another woman. He'd be like, oh tell me more. I like all right,
that's
enough.
Well, okay. Do you have it? No, I know. I haven't. This is the very first video chat I've had with somebody that I was a complete stranger to.
I did not, I didn't, I was supposed to be matched with somebody yesterday and I showed up and I sat there for five minutes going, hello there. Just make it. Also if they recorded it, someone's having a ball and they guarantee you they put it on their computer somewhere to watch later because I just talked a whole bunch of crap. And I had and I had bob ross on, you know who bob ross
is,
joy of painting. Yeah, Yeah, somehow I got somehow I got linked with bob ross and now everybody gives me bob ross stuff. So I I have unwittingly
become a collector of bob ross stuff
I've never painted in my life.
I don't pay I I cross
stitch.
Uh You know. Uh
I'm sorry. Well yeah it is, it's it's very calming, you know, you get to stab something over and over. Mhm. It really is. It's awesome. I love it. What kind of hobbies
do you have? Besides? Right, are you okay?
You really do because it's it's a lot of fun. It really is a lot of fun. And then you have this little thing, they even have a beginner cross stitch that shows like, you know, it's it I think it says something like um This shows you I can stab something 30,000 times you really
want to mess with me. Yeah it's like because each you know each cross stitches, four stabs you have to go up and down and up and down so that's four
stabs. Mhm. Because you're making X. Well you make an X. With your clock with your right,
so
and
it's it
is a lot
of fun.
You
it sounds like it but if you start off with a very small it's a beginner child's kit of like a whale or something. That's very very simple. It sucks you in. It really does because it's very calming and it's something that you can put down and pick up and you know it's right I mean it's like a book you don't have the book market or anything, it's already marked because you already stabbed
it.
A lot of food.
yeah that's good. Yeah it's that knitting with the two or the one? Are you talking knitting or crocheting with the one hook?
Okay, that's
knitting. Yeah.
Yeah, I'm no, no, we'll see. You know what croce might be your thing though, because it just takes one hook and you're just you're just pulling pulling just make a little loop.
Yeah, literally just making little loops that you pull it through. So but that that sees I'm left handed and nobody really taught me how to do it. I was kind of self taught and being left handed, it kind of messed everything up. So I always I always miscounted so my my uh my scars wouldn't end up going like this and then back in and then back out and now. Uh huh.
That happened. Okay,
that's
Yeah. See that's why that's why I think that's why I think crossed it should be worked. Plus they have they have prostates that are stamped. So you actually follow the pattern that's on the cloth
so you really can't mess that up.
pure vodka. Best for your skin.
The kid is it's water
for,
doesn't
burn or
anything.
I didn't have chili.
Oh, here you need some water.
Yeah. It's almost 7:22
here. I know I can't drink anymore. I got to the age where one it's no fun. If I over and if I over and vibe it takes me like a week to recover. You know where you used to be like the very next day, you'd be like, oh my head hurts a little bit now. It's like, please God let me die driving
for days.
It's just not worth it anymore. So that's why we switched to cocaine.
do. Oh
You know, drink and baked big turkeys.
Probably. I hope we come after some people who were like sitting there yelling at each other and then they come upon us and they're like, hey thank you, this is this is this is what we were thinking of when we were like, look, they proved our study. Two people from different walks of life can speak and not.
Yeah. With uh with everybody like looking for ways to make money and stuff. I I would think more, you know there's there's gonna be more people who are going to do it. And you know, I mean look at look at how brazen people are out in public now that used to you know, they they wouldn't do or say the things that they say and now they just think that it's a okay to say the things that they say and it's just yeah, I I don't I don't know what to do or say with that,
you know,
it's ridiculous.
It's
stupid.
Where
what is Very
true?
Yeah. I'm I'm afraid that you know, if if the vote goes one way, we're all doomed to help and if the vote goes the other way, we're all doomed to be sent to health. Because you know, the violence is the violence. Uh huh. The violence is escalating on a side that should be escalating on
because there's no right for it and
and you know, it's yeah, I am I'm really lucky I have this little bubble that I live in, you know where I can I don't even have to grocery shop. I just, you know, online
grocery shop and then just get in the car and go pick it up, come home and I'm good as you know, I'm right as rain, I'm fine.
You
know, I've never been asked before. A Goal Republic, not agora phobic. But man, I hate people.
it was
to meet
you.
Mhm. Hey? Yeah, thanks for liking me enough to actually stay here and show up. Last person
didn't show up. I was so quick.
Yeah it was I was sitting here going, okay, I'm gonna get another great screen and then boom I was like here's a person who's who's who's just getting so excited and then your beautiful face pops up and it's like
you made my night,
thank you, thank you for talking. And I'm glad, I hope you have a very long and happy marriage. Are you guys gonna have kids?
The idea
what
that's good. You you seem to have a good head on your shoulders and I hope I think you make a great mom and it was very
nice talking to
you.