Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right yeah Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah mm. Okay mm. Yeah. Okay there yeah. Oh yeah. Mhm. Yeah yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh mm. Yeah yeah mm mm. Yeah yeah yeah Yeah. Oh
hi
I can can you hear me?
It's not zoom but it's really similar.
I haven't done this before. This this kind of perfect.
Okay. How many times have you done it
Oh yeah that sucks. Mhm.
Okay so my name is Taryn and I'm in alexandria Virginia right next to D. C.
No it's pretty chill.
what
about you?
you freezing in my freezing?
I
guess
I should do the same. That's smart. I will close some programs to
good so I don't feel bad
to
put,
Oh boy. Well I don't think you should be too hard on yourself so
so
tell
me what are we doing? So I am new to prolific. I just do it because uh if I'm gonna be on the computer anyway, might as well do some interesting stuff.
And
what I
do testing for, what is the research behind it, do you know?
Why?
True.
Energy, vampire
transplant defector originally from New Jersey. And then and I'd like New Jersey fine, but came down here for college a long time ago and stayed. Yeah,
I do. It's beautiful. Um So I'm in the suburbs, but it just takes, You know, 10 minutes with the current level of no traffic to get downtown. It's amazing. Um but before the pandemic, it could take 40 minutes to drive seven miles. So,
but that honestly, that's probably not so bad compared to some other parts of the world, so not a
problem.
What do you do for a living?
You're a lawyer. What kind of law?
Oh boy. That's got to be contentious. It's not an easy time.
would agree. I would agree. Um I'm not divorced and most of the couples in my friend group are not, I think I only know one divorced couple. Isn't that crazy?
I don't
know. Yeah. I don't I mean there's certainly there are but in the core group of friends that we went to school with and who you know, matched up in college, everyone is still married and it's been, You know 18 years or so. Yeah.
I hope not.
Coming
through
at least something
coming from you that means something because
you've seen it.
because,
my parents are corny, so they're still married, they got married. Um I think when my mom was maybe 26 and my dad was seven years older and he still calls her my bride. It's just uh nausea. She but cute. Right? That's
cute.
Mhm.
I am a fact checker. I work for National Geographic magazine and we're based in D. C. But
now we're
based on couches.
What?
I fact checked the story. So before anything goes into print it comes to one of us researchers and we verify every single thing. We're like the goalies.
time
funds. Um Some writers are better than others. Um But there's there's always teeny tiny things, you know, there could be like just a spelling mistake or or it could be something like seriously wrong. Um But we we have a process, I've been doing it for 15 years and that's one of the reasons that led me to prolific because I like to read studies and this is a way to participate in them. So that's kind of cool. Um And plus it's like a crash college course in a new subject every month.
It's, yeah, but because I work for the print magazine, we have a much longer process the print schedule. We have time to delve into things and to talk to experts, get corrections in.
Who?
publishing is having a hard time, but we have been, I think in better shape than other publications. Um, just me having a job in this Little Niche Field, fact checking is a success. We used to be a department of 21 people and now we're five. But with the like war on facts right now, if we were to eliminate all fact checkers, that would make the news, Well that, I think that type of social pressure keeps us because we've been, I've survived 14 layoffs over the time we were bought by Fox and now we're owned by Disney. So every time there's a change, people get the ax. So going strong.
I don't know. But were you serving as a lawyer at that time?
Good.
And stuff on social media doesn't go away.
Like
comment, if you, if you read the comments under an article, you're just punishing yourself. Uh huh. It's a nightmare. Yeah. You are totally not wrong. I don't enjoy facebook anymore because it always makes me feel inadequate. It makes me feel like my life sucks compared to everyone else's glamorous, happy, very wealthy lives. And that's, that's not a good feeling. Now I
heard the news. I like, I like twitter for the news. I don't follow ordinary folks. I follow journalists and stuff like a generated news feed.
How old
are you went to law school
built next?
So
my
brother
wants to go to law school and he's 40. Yeah, he's
a pharmaceutical rep right now and I don't think he's getting much out of that field. So, but he's a really good talker. So I think I will, I will encourage him to do it
totally
Mm So after we're done, we we answer questions. But then how do you, you do this again and again? Like how does that keep going?
super lengthy.
Are they all americans? Because the timing would be tricky if they're not?
No.
Yeah, no, this is really me and really my house and my messy kitchen behind me. I'm not an algorithm.
I did uh an interesting survey through prolific a few days ago that was a game and yeah, I don't know, maybe you've
encountered,
it
was
a space game and
then people are in the chat and you have to figure out how to like solve puzzles or problems without knowing what the rules are. And it was testing your cooperation with these other people in the chat and
I
wasn't,
I
still don't know if they were real.
totally.
Now,
Oh, certainly, but um no not not these days and but a long time ago, so on the work side of things, when I first joined National Geographic in 2005, My boss was someone who had been there since, well for 40 years, like it was way time for her to retire and she went to one of the moon launches in person so she could sit at Cape Canaveral on the stands and then talk to people in mission control and verify their quotes like that. You only could do things in person or on the phone or by the letter. So
I'd rather be able to use email. Well
the signal to go to the satellite and then come back and then then you'll get your answer.
I know
that. So
so sad. And your nieces with senior now?
That's so Stuckey.
Well,
Well
I know.
Who
here?
maybe.
No.
And their rotary phone carry that and pop that on the desk now it's time to update that. I would agree.
you
sometimes the curly corns could really stretch.
now
I'm a
little bit younger in 45.
Operation
there's a really cool movie that exemplifies that. I think it's on netflix right now. I love science fiction and this is a small budget movie but it was beautifully, really well done. It's called The Vast of Night and it's set in the fifties and it's about the ufo visiting this little new Mexico town In the 50s and one of the main characters is the teenage girl operator at the floor building. It's a little tiny thing and she's pick it up where picks up the call and then plugs in the thing. Amazing to see that in action.
and
IBM
I
think
I've had frequently I I appreciate all that. I think that's wonderful. And I try to remind my kids once in a while of just how awesome they have it
there there now freshman and junior in high school like uh well guess what? We used to have to open encyclopedias in paper form and use a card catalogue which was a drawer.
I don't,
I don't
know,
I just
heard I've heard the word, I don't know what it is.
Isn't
that
carbon
copy is
that
well
No, no, no, I
I opened another screen where it has a little um, um, timer
of home. Yeah,
so good
you for for doing that because I didn't think to do it.
That's
weird.
And
at least self aware.
Shall we,
There's no chance that he would get paired up again. Right,
I don't know. Well,
I've
been welcome to you Alan, thank you.
I
like it.
Your cubs hat represented
Chicago
or
like the people from wally, yep.
we won't
get into
that. Yes.
Okay. Thank you so much. Bye.