SPEAKER_L: What? Yeah. Yes. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. This place, yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Hey somebody's here. Right.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well,
SPEAKER_R: Surprised. How are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm okay. How are you? Mm hmm,
SPEAKER_R: I'm all right. Uh Where are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Oklahoma in the Tulsa area. Yeah, and it's kind of cloudy. We weren't expecting this, but uh we've actually had a really um unseasonably cool summer, so with everything else going on, we're kind of thankful for that at least. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: every little bit helps. I'm outside Chicago. So we we got hit with that storm that rolled through yesterday. Um But we it's been really it was really muggy for several days leading up to it. I think we're about to be in like prime august nastiness.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I guess a lot of people, they don't have air conditioning, do you? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Uh It depends. I mean summer could be pretty bad. Most people do. It's a it's a necessity.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. So humid there.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it can be it can be for sure.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've been to Chicago a few times. I I actually was surprised that I liked it because I'm not a big city girl, but I just found that the people were really quite friendly and helpful. I needed a lot of help trying to get around and and they were always there to help and it was really nice.
SPEAKER_R: You know I never thought I would live in a city this big but it is it's like a collection in neighborhoods like you know the downtown part that is super giant. It it's pretty small compared to just like the sprawl as it extends out after that. And the rest of that is just like lots and lots of neighborhoods. So it's got a it's got a good feel to it
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, it's kind of more of the midwest than, Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: no doubt, no doubt. Which is a good thing.
SPEAKER_L: So do you go to the lakes in the summertime or what do you do for friends
SPEAKER_R: Normally we would
SPEAKER_L: more?
SPEAKER_R: they've they've mostly been closed um just because there was too much traffic and people people walking through. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: They didn't they didn't want that much congregation, so now they're reopened, but now they're kind of going back and forth. There were a bunch of pictures that came out over the weekend of like big parties with like hundreds of people hanging out on the beach and the mayor wasn't really happy about that. Um But yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: we will we will go to the lakes um or we, my wife and I, we've got a two year old so she she loves water. So Mostly just about entertaining her 24/7 on the weekend about us anymore, that's for sure.
SPEAKER_L: You have a waiting for,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we got a wading pool, we got a sprinkler, we got a water table, she's all about all of it,
SPEAKER_L: That's such a fun age from about 2-4. They're so cute because they're learning to talk to you, but they don't have that attitude yet. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's that's exactly where at just like the real basic communication to three words.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's fine.
SPEAKER_R: It's fun, It's fun. It's a lot of fun.
SPEAKER_L: Well, what kind of work do you do?
SPEAKER_R: I work for a hospital. I'm not a, I'm not a doctor, I I actually have a legal background so I um I help whatever was it isn't anymore. I do a lot of um policy and file review. Just all the, all the changes in oversight that we need to have in place right now related to um,
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: how we're operating is 24, 77 days a week. That's that's pretty much it,
SPEAKER_L: whole new world that I wasn't in.
SPEAKER_R: it's, it's wild. I had only been at the hospital for about a year, which is good because it all got thrown into the mixer anyway, so everybody's, everybody's learning new stuff right now, It's wild time. But
SPEAKER_L: can have a, have a background in health insurance, but I worked for a company that's associated with huge health insurer and so.
SPEAKER_R: what I came, so I came from health insurance, I I worked for anthem or for several years before coming here. So there's kind of been a bit of a learning curve, figuring out what's, what's relevant on the hospital side versus the health insurer side, but a lot of it overlaps, but not all of it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Our company was health care service corporation, which is the same blue cross of, they're based in Illinois there, so
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, hcs is uh, yep,
SPEAKER_L: Having
SPEAKER_R: they're, they're right downtown. I I interviewed with them several times. I was really debating whether to take a job there or whether to go to the
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: hospital
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: that I want to. Um yeah, they're good. They're good people. I know, I know a lot of people that work for HDs era,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I I enjoyed uh I started with him back when it was blue cross of Oklahoma and man, we went through a lot of changes before I finally I'm kind of semi retired now.
SPEAKER_R: good for you. I'm trying to do it because it's like, it's texas, right? Oklahoma Illinois. Trying to, because
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: I remember it's like a,
SPEAKER_L: what,
SPEAKER_R: it's kind of like a scattershot miscellaneous, midwestern collection
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: called
SPEAKER_R: states,
SPEAKER_L: a non profit blues. So yeah, they just banded together so they would have more, more influence and I guess they ended up really working out for them during the Obama administration when they were getting the Aca act together because they had they were able to already had kind of a plan in place for something like that and so they were able to help quite a bit with that, so.
SPEAKER_R: yep. And they, so I worked for one of the co ops, the Illinois, coop that started and you guys
SPEAKER_L: We
SPEAKER_R: cleaned
SPEAKER_L: don't want you.
SPEAKER_R: our clock
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: because you were, you you had figured out the game before the game started and and the folks that were in place kind of setting things up
SPEAKER_L: You are.
SPEAKER_R: from an actuarial side had no idea what they were getting into, they got crushed and your folks had figured out who to put on which plan and and how to set up anything coming through the exchange to maximize what was coming back from a from a dollar ratio. And I mean you still lost millions and millions of dollars, but not as many and you made it worse on everybody else
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: really hated to see all the companies going out of business. That was that was just soul crushing for me because I knew that was a lot of people's jobs and there went all of the options for the customers to.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean that was, it wasn't everybody got other jobs like there there's plenty of work to go around. Um you know, obviously it was, it was a pretty stressful time for everybody, but like this was, this was a setup, the entire, you know, a lot of what was put on the exchange and a lot of the things, especially things like co ops like those were never really designed to succeed, which is like, it's such a weird industry, right? Like if if if the co ops ever survived the general takeaway was like, okay, well that's a happy accident, I don't know how they're going to do it, but like, more power to them, it was more like they had to put something that was a a token acknowledgement of the fact that they were cutting off a proper public option. And this was this was the lip service to it, knowing full well that it was very unlikely to be successful. Uh But they would just throw money at it at the time in the negotiations and then it allowed everybody to move forward and move on. It's a wild industry. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: What what did, what do you do for HcFc? What did you do?
SPEAKER_L: I was, I worked for one of the life insurance affiliates, so I had the luxury of being able to kind of sit back and watch a lot of it happen. Um But so we were we were really involved with the companies who wanted us as a part of the package deal with their health insurance.
SPEAKER_R: that's that's a great position to be in.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And since I had come from it got down to the point where I was the customer service rapid and I had I used to laugh at my desk was the call center for my little area, but I had Some customers and sales reps that I had been talking to for the whole 17 years that I worked there, you know? So it was,
SPEAKER_R: That's great. I mean building those relationships and kind of, you know, when you when you know, you own that that relationship, it puts you in a I mean it's a great position professionally and also like it's nice to have that, you know, you don't have to explain things from scratch to everybody.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it was nice. It should have worked into a good job transition for me. But uh everybody was retiring about the same time. I was Uh huh. I wasn't I'm kind of too young for that, I'm I'm wanting to do something else, but now I'm just kind of waiting out this pandemic to see what's going to happen. Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I hear you. It's a weird man. Um Obviously I'm at home today, I'm not in the hospital, but we we kind of go back and forth like with normal working weeks and then just like total crisis response weeks and very rarely are their lungs about one or two weeks. That were kind of quiet, but pretty much since february. It's been insane.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Were you nervous about going to the hospital and then coming home and maybe bringing that any germs home?
SPEAKER_R: No, absolutely. Um, you know, it's a, it's a weird, I mean there's a lot to unpack with that I guess. Um, I didn't, I was not aware and being new to the hospital side of things I guess. I was kind of taken aback by how much bravado I think there is from a lot of the hospital employees about going in no matter what. You know, it's, it's kind of that like there's a gun metal mentality like we are a hospital, we serve this community. Of course we will be coming in. Why would we not come in to which me as the newbie who's been there for a year? Like that's really dumb. You guys like why? What? I am not on the front lines, I am not in the O. R. S. I'm like, how stupid is it if a bunch of attorneys or hospital admins get sick because they wanted to march around being in the thick of it. And I mean
SPEAKER_L: Come on.
SPEAKER_R: it's a there's a we have a we have a pretty big campus, there's a lot of buildings and the hospital I work for has really, you know, it was built in a lot of ways to be able to provide and lead in the city's response to do things like this. So they have the ability to cut off and convert floors and even whole areas of buildings into being a pandemic response board. So we were able to convert and really isolate and set things up. So like from a from an actual day to day safety perspective, there wasn't a lot to really be concerned about, but at the same time like you're leaving your house and go into a hospital, like your your level of risk. Absolutely. By definition goes up just
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: because of
SPEAKER_L: where
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: all the
SPEAKER_R: you're doing.
SPEAKER_L: people go.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, exactly, exactly. You're literally going in that direction instead of just staying at all. So yeah, it was, it was very nerve wracking, you know, to think about that and I went through so much hand sanitizer and would just come home and take off all my clothes and throw it away or throw it away, but throwing the washing machine, you know, the last thing on earth I want to do is get my my wife and my daughter sick, but you know, and it was extremely frustrating for my wife because she would be like, why are they making you go in and like, I don't get to make these decisions, like what level of I am, what level of leadership do you think I am? Like, I don't get
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: to make these calls, but cooler heads kind of eventually prevailed. And now we're now we're really in sort of a position of, you can work remote when you need to be on site when you need to like you know everybody just to handle your own business and organizational. I think the hospital is really looking at like how much space do they need going forward because they may actually, you know, combine workspaces and rent out or even sell real estate going forward because they don't necessarily need as much as they need it before everybody is kind of reassessing and reevaluating how much office space they I think
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: gonna be
SPEAKER_R: next one.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I think that's going to be that way from here on out because I mean for years everybody in our office wanted to work from home, we want to work from we want to work for my talk it over here and they help out there like that carrot you know that you have two things to get this treat maybe work from home one or two days a week. But we're not really set up for you know security. There was all these teamwork.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You got Hipaa and and ph I issues uh out the wazoo in the, in the health insurance world and the and the the things that you need to have in place and the licenses and the VPNS and all that stuff that you've got to set up. Yeah. And
SPEAKER_L: But you know lo and behold this this happens and they had the choice I still I'm talking to some of the girls at the office and they had the choice they're shutting down or working from home and guess what? They're working from home now and it's
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: turns
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: out they can find a wife. Yeah. Well I, you know, and I got to look behind the curtain at what what was necessary from the, from the hospital perspective. And we, so we've got about, We've got a little over 10,000 employees. And typically on any given day you would get Remote Access to networks and systems and things like that. From about 5-7% of our employees on any given day just, you know, somebody had a a delivery or something, you know, where they just needed to be at home or it was a day off but they couldn't help themselves and they popped open the laptop. We went from that to, you know, I think 80% of employees not needing to do it. So the network that they had bill, you know, wasn't ready to wasn't ready to handle it so nobody could get into the access to the systems, things ran super, email was overwhelmed temporarily, just like all that, all that kind of like back end tech stuff that I can speak to it that really high level, but I don't know all the details of everything that they had to do. Those guys had to work really hard in a really short amount of time to build something that could handle, you know, the total shift and where people were working. Um and that took that took time and money because you have to buy networks that can that can handle that kind of traffic. You needed to buy additional licenses, you know, a lot of the networks and systems and things like that were only designed to have x number of people on at any given time. So they then had to reassess and figure out, okay, what else do we need to buy? I think I think it was kind of expensive and time consuming and you know, unexpected, but now it's there now you built it. So now do you you need to keep spending all that money on your break roof? No, you may not need the things that you previously needed. You may not need any.
SPEAKER_L: I like parking.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Oh I know that because we we opened parking, you know, we we have big parking complex and we we just opened the gates for March april May and that was like about a million and a half in revenue a month that we lost out on and plus it meant having to reimburse anybody who was like a monthly parking if you had a monthly parking pass to roll that back onto people's accounts, are there direct deposits, things like that. And then you had to figure out once you started paying for parking again, if they had the capacity because nobody wants to take public transportation in Chicago, I am exhibit a, we have one car, my wife would drive to work and I would either take the bus or take the subway in because it was convenient enough and and it worked out so we only have one car, I ain't getting on the subway again, it's crazy. Now, now there are, there are certain things that were normal pieces of life that are not going to return to normal for a very long time. You know those things were, I mean germ factories to begin with, even before there
SPEAKER_L: Think
SPEAKER_R: was a pandemic,
SPEAKER_L: about it.
SPEAKER_R: even before there was a pandemic, there were some days where I was like, man, I do not want to be on this car or this, this bus is just not happening. So, you know, having to figure out that kind of rerouting and suddenly you're looking at hundreds, if not more than that, people wanting to drive to work and park and sort that out. Your demand is suddenly really increased. Uh, the logistics around all these shifts for all of these businesses and all these companies in the city, like Chicago, It's pretty crazy. Um, you know, and I, I only get, like a little peek into it, you know, HCS has got to be exactly in the same boat because they've got that huge building smack in the middle of downtown. And no, God bless us! Were, fortunately, my medical district is outside of the loop of Chicago, which is where all the protests were, which is where the looting, the riots. Um all the all the bonus stuff that Chicago has seen as if the pandemic wasn't enough, it's been there there there's added challenges. You know, people literally could not get to work because the the inner loop in Chicago was cut off for for several days at times,
SPEAKER_L: mm. Remember them talking about I would because our headquarters were up there and they would talk about the two buildings were on opposite sides. They weren't very far but they were opposite sides of the highway and sometimes it would take half an hour to get one building to the other. It wasn't like you could just across the street.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well, I believe it it's a it can be it can be
SPEAKER_L: good time,
SPEAKER_R: crazy. Yeah, and my wife's office is right over by where the HCFC buildings are. Um and it can be right by the river is where it gets really crazy and like short can back up really quickly. And and her her building is across the street from the trump hotel, which is like an extra level of crazy because that's where all the protests go. And the police will actually use when the protests get crazy, the police basically take over their parking garage and use it as a, like a logistics space. They'll do their, they'll do their planning and if they need to detain anybody, they'll, they'll hold it up there. So basically like there's just days where, well, I guess my car is not getting out of the garage.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my goodness,
SPEAKER_R: That was, that was like right after the election, when, when there was protests there almost daily that's
SPEAKER_L: what happened?
SPEAKER_R: kind of chilled out or better or worse, they kind of established their logistics. They don't let the people protest directly outside of the hotel anymore. And now there's like a designated spot for everybody together in protest.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: Been a couple
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: years.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think it's um I think things have changed, people talk about things going back to normal and I just don't I don't see it between um everybody's more so so conscious of germs and you know they're kind of afraid of each other now, I think it's going to take a long time to get over that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Some things, some things will go back to normal, but some things are going to be permanently altered.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean I quit going to big public events after 9 11, so I've been kind of scared of things like that for a while, but I think this may have finished it off for a lot of people um you know,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean, I think, you know, and and some of it's going to depend on on what the resolution is. You know, if they tried out a vaccine and it's and it's proven to be effective and you know, you don't you don't see any repercussions or any issues from it a couple of years from now, it may be totally wiped clean. I think there will be plenty of people who are, even if you, even if, I mean I vaccine trial typically takes years to even get to that point and then Then you're still cautiously optimistic that it's actually going to be 100% effective. It can certainly be a situation like a flu shot where people still end up getting the flu. Uh, but even even if you're you're able to wipe that out, we're talking years down the road and that's going to be a lot of time for for people to permanently kind of change and alter their routines. Humans are pretty good at just like sweeping stuff under the rug, right? Whatever,
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: whatever used to be normal is suddenly no longer normal. And yeah, of course it's not normal. We're we're adaptable for better or worse.
SPEAKER_L: well and they're getting better at treating it too. So it's not quite the at first people nobody knew what to expect, it was a death sentence if you got it and we're kind of past that now but
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, absolutely. And just kind of throwing people on ventilators and hoping for the best that that's kind of switched. Which is a good thing. Yeah. The understanding of what's effective and what's not effective, that there's no there's no data. I mean, doctors Law of data, they this is this is what they need to start actually objectively assessing what what's effective and what's not effect. Um Which is, you know, it's sad that we have that much data, but you know, at least I've got something that they can start to work with
SPEAKER_L: I was
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: reading
SPEAKER_R: they've had some time to trial.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah yeah it's gonna take a while. Yeah, I was reading something that they had talked about doing something like this during the Anthrax Scare in 2000 five and six and they basically the discussion was the public will never go for it, they're never going to go for a public locked down like this. And so um now we have the systems in place to where if something like that were to happen, if we were to get into a biological warfare type situation, at least we know we kind of have a better idea of how we can continue to function and you know, protect ourselves too. So I guess it's been a learning experience, but I think it's going to be part of our lives now for in one way or another for a while, unfortunately,
SPEAKER_R: no doubt, no doubt it's going to be there for a little bit. Well, I think we are at 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_L: I think so,
SPEAKER_R: All right, well, it was nice talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: that's nice talking to you to have a good day and be careful.
SPEAKER_R: You too. Bye now.