Mhm. Hey somebody's here. Right.
Surprised. How are you?
I'm all right. Uh Where are you?
every little bit helps. I'm outside Chicago. So we we got hit with that storm that rolled through yesterday. Um But we it's been really it was really muggy for several days leading up to it. I think we're about to be in like prime august nastiness.
Uh It depends. I mean summer could be pretty bad. Most people do. It's a it's a necessity.
Yeah it can be it can be for sure.
You know I never thought I would live in a city this big but it is it's like a collection in neighborhoods like you know the downtown part that is super giant. It it's pretty small compared to just like the sprawl as it extends out after that. And the rest of that is just like lots and lots of neighborhoods. So it's got a it's got a good feel to it
no doubt, no doubt. Which is a good thing.
Normally we would
they've they've mostly been closed um just because there was too much traffic and people people walking through. Um
They didn't they didn't want that much congregation, so now they're reopened, but now they're kind of going back and forth. There were a bunch of pictures that came out over the weekend of like big parties with like hundreds of people hanging out on the beach and the mayor wasn't really happy about that. Um But yeah,
we will we will go to the lakes um or we, my wife and I, we've got a two year old so she she loves water. So Mostly just about entertaining her 24/7 on the weekend about us anymore, that's for sure.
Yeah, we got a wading pool, we got a sprinkler, we got a water table, she's all about all of it,
That's that's exactly where at just like the real basic communication to three words.
It's fun, It's fun. It's a lot of fun.
I work for a hospital. I'm not a, I'm not a doctor, I I actually have a legal background so I um I help whatever was it isn't anymore. I do a lot of um policy and file review. Just all the, all the changes in oversight that we need to have in place right now related to um,
how we're operating is 24, 77 days a week. That's that's pretty much it,
it's, it's wild. I had only been at the hospital for about a year, which is good because it all got thrown into the mixer anyway, so everybody's, everybody's learning new stuff right now, It's wild time. But
what I came, so I came from health insurance, I I worked for anthem or for several years before coming here. So there's kind of been a bit of a learning curve, figuring out what's, what's relevant on the hospital side versus the health insurer side, but a lot of it overlaps, but not all of it.
Oh yeah, hcs is uh, yep,
they're, they're right downtown. I I interviewed with them several times. I was really debating whether to take a job there or whether to go to the
hospital
that I want to. Um yeah, they're good. They're good people. I know, I know a lot of people that work for HDs era,
good for you. I'm trying to do it because it's like, it's texas, right? Oklahoma Illinois. Trying to, because
I remember it's like a,
it's kind of like a scattershot miscellaneous, midwestern collection
of
states,
yep. And they, so I worked for one of the co ops, the Illinois, coop that started and you guys
cleaned
our clock
because you were, you you had figured out the game before the game started and and the folks that were in place kind of setting things up
from an actuarial side had no idea what they were getting into, they got crushed and your folks had figured out who to put on which plan and and how to set up anything coming through the exchange to maximize what was coming back from a from a dollar ratio. And I mean you still lost millions and millions of dollars, but not as many and you made it worse on everybody else
like
Yeah, I mean that was, it wasn't everybody got other jobs like there there's plenty of work to go around. Um you know, obviously it was, it was a pretty stressful time for everybody, but like this was, this was a setup, the entire, you know, a lot of what was put on the exchange and a lot of the things, especially things like co ops like those were never really designed to succeed, which is like, it's such a weird industry, right? Like if if if the co ops ever survived the general takeaway was like, okay, well that's a happy accident, I don't know how they're going to do it, but like, more power to them, it was more like they had to put something that was a a token acknowledgement of the fact that they were cutting off a proper public option. And this was this was the lip service to it, knowing full well that it was very unlikely to be successful. Uh But they would just throw money at it at the time in the negotiations and then it allowed everybody to move forward and move on. It's a wild industry. Um
What what did, what do you do for HcFc? What did you do?
that's that's a great position to be in.
That's great. I mean building those relationships and kind of, you know, when you when you know, you own that that relationship, it puts you in a I mean it's a great position professionally and also like it's nice to have that, you know, you don't have to explain things from scratch to everybody.
I hear you. It's a weird man. Um Obviously I'm at home today, I'm not in the hospital, but we we kind of go back and forth like with normal working weeks and then just like total crisis response weeks and very rarely are their lungs about one or two weeks. That were kind of quiet, but pretty much since february. It's been insane.
No, absolutely. Um, you know, it's a, it's a weird, I mean there's a lot to unpack with that I guess. Um, I didn't, I was not aware and being new to the hospital side of things I guess. I was kind of taken aback by how much bravado I think there is from a lot of the hospital employees about going in no matter what. You know, it's, it's kind of that like there's a gun metal mentality like we are a hospital, we serve this community. Of course we will be coming in. Why would we not come in to which me as the newbie who's been there for a year? Like that's really dumb. You guys like why? What? I am not on the front lines, I am not in the O. R. S. I'm like, how stupid is it if a bunch of attorneys or hospital admins get sick because they wanted to march around being in the thick of it. And I mean
it's a there's a we have a we have a pretty big campus, there's a lot of buildings and the hospital I work for has really, you know, it was built in a lot of ways to be able to provide and lead in the city's response to do things like this. So they have the ability to cut off and convert floors and even whole areas of buildings into being a pandemic response board. So we were able to convert and really isolate and set things up. So like from a from an actual day to day safety perspective, there wasn't a lot to really be concerned about, but at the same time like you're leaving your house and go into a hospital, like your your level of risk. Absolutely. By definition goes up just
because of
what
you're doing.
Yeah, exactly, exactly. You're literally going in that direction instead of just staying at all. So yeah, it was, it was very nerve wracking, you know, to think about that and I went through so much hand sanitizer and would just come home and take off all my clothes and throw it away or throw it away, but throwing the washing machine, you know, the last thing on earth I want to do is get my my wife and my daughter sick, but you know, and it was extremely frustrating for my wife because she would be like, why are they making you go in and like, I don't get to make these decisions, like what level of I am, what level of leadership do you think I am? Like, I don't get
to make these calls, but cooler heads kind of eventually prevailed. And now we're now we're really in sort of a position of, you can work remote when you need to be on site when you need to like you know everybody just to handle your own business and organizational. I think the hospital is really looking at like how much space do they need going forward because they may actually, you know, combine workspaces and rent out or even sell real estate going forward because they don't necessarily need as much as they need it before everybody is kind of reassessing and reevaluating how much office space they I think
that's
next one.
Yeah. You got Hipaa and and ph I issues uh out the wazoo in the, in the health insurance world and the and the the things that you need to have in place and the licenses and the VPNS and all that stuff that you've got to set up. Yeah. And
it
turns
out they can find a wife. Yeah. Well I, you know, and I got to look behind the curtain at what what was necessary from the, from the hospital perspective. And we, so we've got about, We've got a little over 10,000 employees. And typically on any given day you would get Remote Access to networks and systems and things like that. From about 5-7% of our employees on any given day just, you know, somebody had a a delivery or something, you know, where they just needed to be at home or it was a day off but they couldn't help themselves and they popped open the laptop. We went from that to, you know, I think 80% of employees not needing to do it. So the network that they had bill, you know, wasn't ready to wasn't ready to handle it so nobody could get into the access to the systems, things ran super, email was overwhelmed temporarily, just like all that, all that kind of like back end tech stuff that I can speak to it that really high level, but I don't know all the details of everything that they had to do. Those guys had to work really hard in a really short amount of time to build something that could handle, you know, the total shift and where people were working. Um and that took that took time and money because you have to buy networks that can that can handle that kind of traffic. You needed to buy additional licenses, you know, a lot of the networks and systems and things like that were only designed to have x number of people on at any given time. So they then had to reassess and figure out, okay, what else do we need to buy? I think I think it was kind of expensive and time consuming and you know, unexpected, but now it's there now you built it. So now do you you need to keep spending all that money on your break roof? No, you may not need the things that you previously needed. You may not need any.
Yeah. Yeah. Oh I know that because we we opened parking, you know, we we have big parking complex and we we just opened the gates for March april May and that was like about a million and a half in revenue a month that we lost out on and plus it meant having to reimburse anybody who was like a monthly parking if you had a monthly parking pass to roll that back onto people's accounts, are there direct deposits, things like that. And then you had to figure out once you started paying for parking again, if they had the capacity because nobody wants to take public transportation in Chicago, I am exhibit a, we have one car, my wife would drive to work and I would either take the bus or take the subway in because it was convenient enough and and it worked out so we only have one car, I ain't getting on the subway again, it's crazy. Now, now there are, there are certain things that were normal pieces of life that are not going to return to normal for a very long time. You know those things were, I mean germ factories to begin with, even before there
was a pandemic,
even before there was a pandemic, there were some days where I was like, man, I do not want to be on this car or this, this bus is just not happening. So, you know, having to figure out that kind of rerouting and suddenly you're looking at hundreds, if not more than that, people wanting to drive to work and park and sort that out. Your demand is suddenly really increased. Uh, the logistics around all these shifts for all of these businesses and all these companies in the city, like Chicago, It's pretty crazy. Um, you know, and I, I only get, like a little peek into it, you know, HCS has got to be exactly in the same boat because they've got that huge building smack in the middle of downtown. And no, God bless us! Were, fortunately, my medical district is outside of the loop of Chicago, which is where all the protests were, which is where the looting, the riots. Um all the all the bonus stuff that Chicago has seen as if the pandemic wasn't enough, it's been there there there's added challenges. You know, people literally could not get to work because the the inner loop in Chicago was cut off for for several days at times,
Yeah. Well, I believe it it's a it can be it can be
crazy. Yeah, and my wife's office is right over by where the HCFC buildings are. Um and it can be right by the river is where it gets really crazy and like short can back up really quickly. And and her her building is across the street from the trump hotel, which is like an extra level of crazy because that's where all the protests go. And the police will actually use when the protests get crazy, the police basically take over their parking garage and use it as a, like a logistics space. They'll do their, they'll do their planning and if they need to detain anybody, they'll, they'll hold it up there. So basically like there's just days where, well, I guess my car is not getting out of the garage.
That was, that was like right after the election, when, when there was protests there almost daily that's
kind of chilled out or better or worse, they kind of established their logistics. They don't let the people protest directly outside of the hotel anymore. And now there's like a designated spot for everybody together in protest.
Been a couple
of
years.
Yeah. Some things, some things will go back to normal, but some things are going to be permanently altered.
Yeah. I mean, I think, you know, and and some of it's going to depend on on what the resolution is. You know, if they tried out a vaccine and it's and it's proven to be effective and you know, you don't you don't see any repercussions or any issues from it a couple of years from now, it may be totally wiped clean. I think there will be plenty of people who are, even if you, even if, I mean I vaccine trial typically takes years to even get to that point and then Then you're still cautiously optimistic that it's actually going to be 100% effective. It can certainly be a situation like a flu shot where people still end up getting the flu. Uh, but even even if you're you're able to wipe that out, we're talking years down the road and that's going to be a lot of time for for people to permanently kind of change and alter their routines. Humans are pretty good at just like sweeping stuff under the rug, right? Whatever,
whatever used to be normal is suddenly no longer normal. And yeah, of course it's not normal. We're we're adaptable for better or worse.
Yeah, absolutely. And just kind of throwing people on ventilators and hoping for the best that that's kind of switched. Which is a good thing. Yeah. The understanding of what's effective and what's not effective, that there's no there's no data. I mean, doctors Law of data, they this is this is what they need to start actually objectively assessing what what's effective and what's not effect. Um Which is, you know, it's sad that we have that much data, but you know, at least I've got something that they can start to work with
and
they've had some time to trial.
no doubt, no doubt it's going to be there for a little bit. Well, I think we are at 25 minutes.
All right, well, it was nice talking to you.
You too. Bye now.