What? Yeah. Yes. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. This place, yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah. Well,
I'm okay. How are you? Mm hmm,
I'm in Oklahoma in the Tulsa area. Yeah, and it's kind of cloudy. We weren't expecting this, but uh we've actually had a really um unseasonably cool summer, so with everything else going on, we're kind of thankful for that at least. Mhm.
Oh yeah, I guess a lot of people, they don't have air conditioning, do you? Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. So humid there.
Yeah, I've been to Chicago a few times. I I actually was surprised that I liked it because I'm not a big city girl, but I just found that the people were really quite friendly and helpful. I needed a lot of help trying to get around and and they were always there to help and it was really nice.
Mhm. Yeah, it's kind of more of the midwest than, Yeah.
So do you go to the lakes in the summertime or what do you do for friends
more?
Yeah.
Mhm.
You have a waiting for,
That's such a fun age from about 2-4. They're so cute because they're learning to talk to you, but they don't have that attitude yet. Yeah.
Oh, that's fine.
Well, what kind of work do you do?
yeah.
whole new world that I wasn't in.
can have a, have a background in health insurance, but I worked for a company that's associated with huge health insurer and so.
Yeah. Yeah. Our company was health care service corporation, which is the same blue cross of, they're based in Illinois there, so
Having
Thank
you.
Yeah, I I enjoyed uh I started with him back when it was blue cross of Oklahoma and man, we went through a lot of changes before I finally I'm kind of semi retired now.
What
what,
it's
called
a non profit blues. So yeah, they just banded together so they would have more, more influence and I guess they ended up really working out for them during the Obama administration when they were getting the Aca act together because they had they were able to already had kind of a plan in place for something like that and so they were able to help quite a bit with that, so.
We
don't want you.
No.
You are.
I
really hated to see all the companies going out of business. That was that was just soul crushing for me because I knew that was a lot of people's jobs and there went all of the options for the customers to.
Yeah.
I was, I worked for one of the life insurance affiliates, so I had the luxury of being able to kind of sit back and watch a lot of it happen. Um But so we were we were really involved with the companies who wanted us as a part of the package deal with their health insurance.
Yeah. And since I had come from it got down to the point where I was the customer service rapid and I had I used to laugh at my desk was the call center for my little area, but I had Some customers and sales reps that I had been talking to for the whole 17 years that I worked there, you know? So it was,
Yeah, it was nice. It should have worked into a good job transition for me. But uh everybody was retiring about the same time. I was Uh huh. I wasn't I'm kind of too young for that, I'm I'm wanting to do something else, but now I'm just kind of waiting out this pandemic to see what's going to happen. Yeah. Mhm.
Mhm. Were you nervous about going to the hospital and then coming home and maybe bringing that any germs home?
Come on.
It's
where
all the
people go.
Well,
That's
gonna be
yeah, I think that's going to be that way from here on out because I mean for years everybody in our office wanted to work from home, we want to work from we want to work for my talk it over here and they help out there like that carrot you know that you have two things to get this treat maybe work from home one or two days a week. But we're not really set up for you know security. There was all these teamwork.
But you know lo and behold this this happens and they had the choice I still I'm talking to some of the girls at the office and they had the choice they're shutting down or working from home and guess what? They're working from home now and it's
and
it's
I like parking.
Think
about it.
mm. Remember them talking about I would because our headquarters were up there and they would talk about the two buildings were on opposite sides. They weren't very far but they were opposite sides of the highway and sometimes it would take half an hour to get one building to the other. It wasn't like you could just across the street.
good time,
Oh my goodness,
what happened?
I
don't
know.
Yeah, I think it's um I think things have changed, people talk about things going back to normal and I just don't I don't see it between um everybody's more so so conscious of germs and you know they're kind of afraid of each other now, I think it's going to take a long time to get over that.
Yeah, I mean I quit going to big public events after 9 11, so I've been kind of scared of things like that for a while, but I think this may have finished it off for a lot of people um you know,
this
well and they're getting better at treating it too. So it's not quite the at first people nobody knew what to expect, it was a death sentence if you got it and we're kind of past that now but
I was
reading
Oh yeah yeah it's gonna take a while. Yeah, I was reading something that they had talked about doing something like this during the Anthrax Scare in 2000 five and six and they basically the discussion was the public will never go for it, they're never going to go for a public locked down like this. And so um now we have the systems in place to where if something like that were to happen, if we were to get into a biological warfare type situation, at least we know we kind of have a better idea of how we can continue to function and you know, protect ourselves too. So I guess it's been a learning experience, but I think it's going to be part of our lives now for in one way or another for a while, unfortunately,
I think so,
that's nice talking to you to have a good day and be careful.