SPEAKER_L: But Mhm. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hm. Okay. Yeah. But Uh huh. Mhm. But Oh. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Hi.
SPEAKER_R: All right. Can you hear me? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Can you hear me? All
SPEAKER_R: How are you?
SPEAKER_L: Hi, my name is Michelle um
SPEAKER_R: I am Sarah
SPEAKER_L: The issue. How are you doing today?
SPEAKER_R: mhm. Uh I'm a little rough this morning. I usually do this in the afternoon and I'm sure I can handle not o'clock check
SPEAKER_L: of course.
SPEAKER_R: and I'm like, how about you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm pretty good. Where are you calling in from?
SPEAKER_R: North Carolina.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Okay. We're on the same time zone. I'm up in boston. But yeah, it's a slow morning up here. It's like overcast
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: and like it's a had a couple of cups cups of coffee. Like make it this morning.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I am on my way to of no caffeine. So my apologies. Um,
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: I went several years without drinking caffeine except you know, on occasion and then covid hit and I needed it to get through my day and get up in the morning
SPEAKER_L: From
SPEAKER_R: because I went from getting up at 5:30 in a structured lifestyle to sitting in a condo all day. And I just, I was like, I got, I got to get off of it. It's got a
SPEAKER_L: I really admire you because I need to do that. But like I just I don't know how I would like work if I like, I mean I guess I have no excuse because like my work is actually on pacific time, so I have like a three hour window to like get it together. But no, I don't know. Maybe I'm just like scared that it will take like months for me to get back to normal, but like good for you. That's awesome because.
SPEAKER_R: Well, I guess I should say would be different if I drink coffee, but I'm to the Diet Pepsi. So I, that's, that's different if I drank coffee and enjoyed it, I think I would be less weird about it and maybe allow myself a cup of day, but I need to come off the diet. Pepsi is like, you know.
SPEAKER_L: Well nonetheless good for you because like, I don't know like with all the stressors and stuff going on right now, like being able to do that is awesome. So even though it's day two, that's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: Thanks. We'll see. We'll see how I can handle Groundhog Day without the caffeine. So, so where do you work?
SPEAKER_L: I work remotely for a start up um We build like custom machine learning models um that basically like they we sell the data to like companies that are so big, like they can't keep track of their own customer data. So like some social media companies and like um grocery delivery or like food delivery, you know stuff you're doing, like tons of surveys and um there's tons of feedback at all times because you know everybody's ordering groceries for example. So um it sounds a lot smarter than it actually is. It's just
SPEAKER_R: Well, I mean there's a lot of I think companies out there that just take one simple idea. It's just about applying it, writing the program
SPEAKER_L: thanks.
SPEAKER_R: and selling it. You know what I mean? It's all pretty basic if you think about it, but behind the scenes like I would never be able to do any of that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean I mean either I just kind of like you know
SPEAKER_R: Number.
SPEAKER_L: push them buttons and do the key way stuff, so um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: But how about you?
SPEAKER_R: Um I work in um a pre education advising office for a university. I do um I handle budgets which is not as exciting as everything else. But we do, we have like a learning community for freshmen. Um, we handle that in our department, we handle some graduates in our department. We do state licensure. So we're kind of like the book ends. We see you as soon as you get there and we see you as you're graduating, so,
SPEAKER_L: Nice. Yeah my my partner, so I'm like pointing like you know that he's in the other room. Um He
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: works in admission so yeah the
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: french
SPEAKER_R: universe?
SPEAKER_L: um up here in BRANDEIS. Um But yeah um Cool, so like how how are you doing with like working from home the whole time? Because I know that that was probably on campus like the whole week and
SPEAKER_R: So we actually started working remotely before the mandated, it was shocked the shit out of me. I'm not gonna lie, excuse my language.
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: But um, for state university to just be like, yeah, you know, get your stuff together and go, um, it's driving me crazy. Like I always thought it would be cool to work from home. No, I am tired of cooking. I'm tired of cleaning dishes, washing. I'm tired of sitting here not talking to anybody. I'm not doing I think, But I think at the same time, if we have to do in the evenings, on the weekends, Michael, adulterants working from home. Um it also gave my life some structure. Like now I can take a shower when I get up, I can take a shower at 6:00 before tom gets home, you know, before he gets off. It's like I have realized more than ever, I need structure in my life.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Sam I my job like had the option of being remote before all this, but I like could not do that. Like I had to go into the office like at least four days a week. I mean it's nice on friday, but like um yeah, we,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: well because we're based out of California, so they took it way more serious like seriously then
SPEAKER_R: Do
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: used to live in the midwest. So like that wasn't even shut down until like March april depending on the state. And so yeah, it's been, I guess like nine months now remote and mhm Yeah, I'm the same way I've, I've got like a little bit of a schedule going plus like my partners remote to. So like we kind of have to like coordinate, you know, who's gonna call wind and all that. But yeah, I hear you like, yeah, is there like a, like a place you can like go on the weekends to like hike or like
SPEAKER_R: That,
SPEAKER_L: are you close to the ocean or anything?
SPEAKER_R: no, um, I live, I live on the lake. I'm pointing to you like, it's, you know, it's like, right now, unfortunately I'm on the lake so, you know, I can go take a quick walk and stuff and we do go hiking. Tom works on the weekends. He's in retail management. So I'm like, over the summer was his peak and it was too difficult to do anything and he actually, his employee quit in like a week after I went remote. So he had been working six and seven days a week the entire time until like three weeks ago. So
SPEAKER_L: my gosh.
SPEAKER_R: I think I needed him most, he was working the most um So really it was being a challenge um and I think everybody just kinda as much as I even I said to people that had kids, it's like, you know, you need to get your students on video calls with their friends and and that's how I didn't listen to my own advice. Um I think more, I know I'm more distant from all of my friends, my family, it's I'm closer to my therapist now because I started that engineer mary um So it's like okay, but thank God I have that video call.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's awesome. Yeah. It's funny you say that I'm actually like at a point when like, yep, it's time like I need to be schedule and get on like a regular schedule with somebody because I'm like debating like a therapist or like a life coach because like I'm
SPEAKER_R: come
SPEAKER_L: kind
SPEAKER_R: on.
SPEAKER_L: of at this point we're like, do I really like my job? I don't know. I'm like remote all day. And um but yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: we look at the news yesterday, our university kind of like, um like, like just drew things out, so I'm with the state, so there's a university system and everybody just immediately was like online classes. Well, charlotte decided to just kind of hold off. We had already prepared to start a couple weeks later. Initially it was because the Republican National Convention was going to be in charlotte. Um so then covid hit and it was like, okay, this will give us like two or three weeks. So then they put off like classes another month without saying all semester it's gonna be online. So we've kind of like being on the edge just trying to decide what we're gonna do and that's, that is not good. Well psyche, it's awful for students or staff or faculty, everybody. So yesterday they sent out an email saying that basically next semester is going to limit this semester, some british, that means that my ass is going to be working from home until at least summer. So I'm nervous about that. But I also know that it's better as long as there's not some sort of vaccine, like I know that I need to be here. I had to I had to really decide do I want because some of my office is working. I'm like, do I want to go in every day and have anxiety because I am, I have a I am in this like wheel of emotions. So it's like to go into with anxiety of possibly coming in contact with something or to sit at home and depressed. So that is the weirdest, strangest like conversation you have to have with yourself and decision, you have to make some sweetie.
SPEAKER_L: I can't Well and like do you have to do like a covid test every time you go on campus?
SPEAKER_R: No, no, we have this stupid screener which I get, I get it in theory, but the screener is like, do you have a temperature and they gave us a thermometer? Um you know, are you call it the same thing when you go in the doctor's office, but in reality you don't have to rerun in a fever to have it, you know, it's
SPEAKER_L: Like what is that really
SPEAKER_R: gorgeous. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So you're gonna have the sniffles if you live in north Carolina right now because of allergies. So I don't know their training. I know they're doing the best they can, but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I hope that that like you get an answer soon though because that would just stay obnoxious to go the rest of the semester and like being on edge like everything.
SPEAKER_R: no. Yeah, I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: They made the announcement last month for the rest of this semester and then last night they send it out for spring semester. So I'm glad that they did it in advance. I'm so glad that they did that because that's just ridiculous what they put people there. I can't imagine being a student and kind of like just on the edge. Do I move in? Do I not movin? Do we move into a not movin? So student workers that work in my office and I was talking to them yesterday and they're just like I want to be in there, they won, the internet is better, you know it gets me out of my house but it's unlike but you're paying to stay on campus why? Like you're paying for why? Like we've already had three dorm shut down in the last two weeks because of it. So really do you really want to be on campus?
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh. Yeah. Do you like, do you think like it's safe to like, can you guys go like to like an Airbnb or something for the weekend and like just
SPEAKER_R: We
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: heard
SPEAKER_L: get
SPEAKER_R: them
SPEAKER_L: out?
SPEAKER_R: that uh we when when tom first got some help, we went to the mountains um and it was like right before you get to the Blue ridge parkway because that's what's in our state. Um it was literally in the middle of the nowhere and he told us he's like like it's 45 minutes to a grocery store, it really was like no gas station or anything, so I'm glad we packed everything. Um and we just stayed in the cabin and it was it was amazing, it was a huge cabin, great views and we did that for two nights. Um
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: We definitely overpaid for it because it was massive or two of us but it was just nice to kind of change where we were and the internet was fantastic. Which is good because I could work um definitely stuck it up my vacation days right now and then went to the beach two weeks ago. We're three hours from the beach, you know four hours from the beach in two hours from the mountains right now. So his parents have X. Or have a beach house so we were able to stay there for a few days and just take our groceries and don't go around anybody and just change, it's a change of scenery I don't here where I go,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's
SPEAKER_R: how about
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: you guys?
SPEAKER_L: something about the ocean that just kind of like, it's just a bomb, you know, like even the salt in the air, like we're actually, it's funny that we're looking at north Carolina for maybe like over christmas to come, just get a beach house. Um It was like, yeah, same thing, just get out like, I mean it's going to be a nasty cold appear to, so something a
SPEAKER_R: There
SPEAKER_L: little bit
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: more tolerable and we have a dog. So um she's like, you know, super cabin fever just like needs to be, I mean it's good because it gets me out like multiple times a day to take her for walks but like and just letting her run on the beach because we're looking at some places with like dog friendly beaches and all that. Yeah, there's stuff
SPEAKER_R: They're
SPEAKER_L: up here.
SPEAKER_R: not here. I mean there there it's cold it's not like of north cold but we always like to go to Wrightsville um in december and wearing I mean you're wearing a sweatshirt don't get me wrong but there's a few places still open so not every beach completely shuts down.
SPEAKER_L: Nice. Okay. Yeah good to know because yeah we're still in the planning stages that I'll remember that right? So um yeah
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: it's just uh I don't know like we just moved to boston like two weeks ago so I'm still getting
SPEAKER_R: One
SPEAKER_L: like the lay of the land. But um yeah I think there's a bunch of stuff up here too, we could do like a cabin maybe in like maine or Vermont or something.
SPEAKER_R: mm. Were telling me from,
SPEAKER_L: Uh ST louis yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Did work with her or just
SPEAKER_L: Uh Yeah the my partner's job to BRANDEIS brought us here. Um But yeah it was it was a three day drive. It was pretty interesting like moving with all you know covid stuff going on. I was actually really really impressed with you whole they like completely sanitized the truck and everything like they did a really good job so that was nice and then um we stayed because the dog and like a couple hotels and they were all clean. There was no one there but like it was just interesting like weird.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I am I'm a little overboard I guess, a little extreme. I take my Clorox wipes with me everywhere. I
SPEAKER_L: Two.
SPEAKER_R: mean we have we have gone out to dinner a couple of times and I clean the table cleans the sides of the table cause I've watched how servers clean and it's not that great. So I'm like ok clean the sides of the table, I clean the chair where we're gonna touch it you know? Um I cleaned the glass, the water glasses, the beer glasses. I'm like no no don't touch it yet. Um uh We went out when we were at the beach, we went to our favorite mexican restaurant and there was a piece of a dried cilantro on the knife and I asked for another one and I'm like that's the reason now that cilantro very well could have been on there from the dishwasher. I worked in food management. I get it. But you don't know that could be bacteria, you know? So that's that's just the way it is. So I sanitized it and then let it dry and then, you know, dip a napkin in water. My sister thinks I'm a moron. I'm like, look I'm high risk, he's high risk. It's what I need to do to feel safe. Tom is getting to it. It was really weird at first about it. Like nobody's paying attention to me if you want to go out. This is this is what I have to do.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah no I'm the same like we have I've got all the little mini hand sanitizers everywhere like pockets and yeah the wipes when you can find them and yeah I don't know I don't even care anymore. Just dignity out the window like wear a mask everywhere and got
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: I think I'm the best I've ever been. I'm not written a germophobe except when I'm at work because the students, they just come in coughing and sneezing and don't go to the doctor and their parents aren't there to be like, dude you probably need to go to the doctor, you probably need to stay home. Like they don't they're not intelligent enough at this point on their health to think maybe I shouldn't go in and they come in for their appointment. So um I get a little germophobe at school but we'll see. Maybe it'll help our flu season. That's what I'm, maybe we'll have a milder flu season because 50% of North Carolinians are masking up and and social distancing, we have a problem. Not everybody believes it's
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: the redneck
SPEAKER_L: that's how Missouri was too. It was like kind of a relief even though like it's so population dense like everybody
SPEAKER_R: life,
SPEAKER_L: is like on board because Yeah, I mean ST louis like that plus all the other like violence and stuff going on, there was just like a disaster zone and like it was by county really if you had to wear a mask or not, which is like a terrible idea. So
SPEAKER_R: it's terrible for.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, so in the I'm high risk as well. And so it's just like we've got to get out of here so it's like perfect timing. But Sean found a job up here. Yeah. Um But I mean here like it's funny people like, well like jump off the sidewalk to make sure you're six ft apart like if you're walking down the street. And
SPEAKER_R: Not like this.
SPEAKER_L: I mean it's like it's great but it was just such a like a 1 80 from ST louis where like there's
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: people, I mean there's like a a little historic district that we went to just like for nostalgia's sake before we left. And they were even like small businesses that were like no mask required like giant signs like defiant and it's like it's like not funny, you know, I don't care who you are, that's just irresponsible. So. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: I don't I don't agree with the its imposing on my freedoms. I'm like really do you have, can you just complain about something else right now? Like it's just a task, it doesn't hurt you and the people that say I can't breathe in them because I have breathing issues, you know? Shut up, I have breathing. If you are the ones that should be wearing the mask, like I'm doing protect you, you need to protect me like they don't and and also we've got, so I would say we're about 50, 50, morons in 50% mass squares and then you have mask wears that kind of break down into like 30, 20. And I don't believe social distancing is necessary when you have masks on. And I'm like, you guys being apart, like it's not 100% or, and tom is guilty of this. When I've seen him at work, he pulls his mask down to talk and I'm like, dude, that is the exact time that you need to be wearing the mask. We wouldn't, we went to pick up sandwiches at Jersey Mike's the other day and we were sitting outside looking in, waiting for him to get done, and the kid is just talking to the other kid in the back without his mask on as he's assembling our sandwiches and I'm like, we're not eating those because he couldn't fit at any moment, whether you know it or not, why you're talking like, he's literally over food and I lift, oh God, I ripped a hole into the manager via email because I'm like, these kids need to know. But I think the longer it goes on, the more we get tired of it the other day, I was like, fuck, I'm tired of wearing this mask for the first time since april but I mean, we just fucking do it. If people would have done it in the beginning, we wouldn't be where we are today, I think.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I'll take the acne and the, you know, discomfort instead of, you know, being in the hospital for months. I don't know. Um Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Um
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Oh go
SPEAKER_R: Good,
SPEAKER_L: ahead. No, no, I I didn't have
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: anything.
SPEAKER_R: is I was gonna say, I I don't read a lot about it because of my anxiety. There's certain like I can't deal with numbers and things like that. Like somebody can tell me they're going up and I won't freak out. But like specific numbers or bother me. Um But I did break down and get a blood typing kit because I'm like there's a chance that it will help my anxiety and I realized that there was a chance that it would make my anxiety worse. But I blood type myself last night and I am so positive. So I was like okay, so there's some research coming out, some more research coming out that there's you know, a great niche that oh is less susceptible to things on like okay,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's really
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: then that helps my anxiety a little bit.
SPEAKER_L: They
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: are.
SPEAKER_R: let's just hope that keeps going little thing.
SPEAKER_L: But I mean I'm a so like I'm sorry. It's just kind of like of course, you know. But uh yeah, it's good that there's like at least some some stuff coming out where it's like okay well better than no information and Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I was reading into like, whatever. Oh, meant anyway. And it got me to a website about the diet, a diet for blood type. Um uh It talked about like your health and it seems as though blood type o is less susceptible to a lot of things like heart disease and cancers. And I'm like, my mind is blown. But then I look at me and I'm like, I'm pretty unhealthy to have blood type. So I am. Am I the exception to the rule? Or are they just making this shit up? You know? So it's uh
SPEAKER_L: I don't know like I uh I try and like I believe in medicine and science but like I'm also like all is there something to chinese medicine like that we don't know about, you know or like the blood type stuff for like, I don't know I mean the facial mapping and all that stuff, it's just it's interesting. I need to find a doctor here and I was kind of like I wonder if I can get like you know somebody who's maybe indian or chinese or something so that it's like the best of both worlds because interesting stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. I think I would love to do that. I've always been curious about acupuncture. I have a couple of autoimmune diseases and I really feel like that those are very much environmental. Um I've been on keto since March, which I know a lot of people are against, but it really has like lower the inflammation in my body. Like I'm taking a less medication than I was for my thyroid and I have any weight. So I know that it's the inflammation going down. So you know, I think what could acupuncture due to me, but I live in north Carolina and it's full of rednecks. I'm not gonna lie, it's country bumpkins rednecks. Um We have a lot of transplants and those are the people that are like, dude, why can't we have a market? Why can't we have you know, alternate medicine? Why can't we have nice things? Uh that kind of stuff? So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, I've never had it done but everyone I've like known to do it loves it and it's like I mean I have a like a family friend who she is doing it and supplement with her chemo and apparently it really helps and like around that.
SPEAKER_R: Well I know car arctic air is supposed to be something to. I don't I don't know if I believe that chiropractic care can cure my thyroid condition though. I I don't know if I can go that far, but I think there's something behind chinese medicine.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yes. I don't
SPEAKER_R: More
SPEAKER_L: know. Maybe one day we'll get some
SPEAKER_R: many will
SPEAKER_L: you know
SPEAKER_R: say.
SPEAKER_L: mainstream non whether the answers to pass.
SPEAKER_R: I see somebody a couple of years ago and he's passed away. May he rest in peace. But it was very interesting because one day I don't even remember what question he asked me. He said, but I'm gonna ask you a question. I don't want you to answer it though. He's not gonna hold your risk. Your body is going to answer it for me. And I was like okay quack. I swear to God what the question was. But my body answered him and it turns out he was right. So it was a comment. I did a combination of prescription and herbs and worked and I was like, wow, that's it's very interesting. It's very interesting where we are tom
SPEAKER_L: Um we're I think we're at time actually because I think we start at 9:01.
SPEAKER_R: non something. Uh It's my mark wrong. Democracy is 12:48. That's not right.
SPEAKER_L: Oh I've got 33 30.
SPEAKER_R: And I know I I think I came in late, so I want to remind stopped. Okay. All right. Well, it's very nice to meet you,
SPEAKER_L: This is
SPEAKER_R: enjoy a ton of shit to do their um, just have a blast. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: okay thanks you too and have a good rest of your week.
SPEAKER_R: fine.
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: You too. Bye.