All right. Can you hear me? Yeah.
Okay.
How are you?
I am Sarah
mhm. Uh I'm a little rough this morning. I usually do this in the afternoon and I'm sure I can handle not o'clock check
and I'm like, how about you?
North Carolina.
What?
Yeah. I am on my way to of no caffeine. So my apologies. Um,
I went several years without drinking caffeine except you know, on occasion and then covid hit and I needed it to get through my day and get up in the morning
because I went from getting up at 5:30 in a structured lifestyle to sitting in a condo all day. And I just, I was like, I got, I got to get off of it. It's got a
Well, I guess I should say would be different if I drink coffee, but I'm to the Diet Pepsi. So I, that's, that's different if I drank coffee and enjoyed it, I think I would be less weird about it and maybe allow myself a cup of day, but I need to come off the diet. Pepsi is like, you know.
Thanks. We'll see. We'll see how I can handle Groundhog Day without the caffeine. So, so where do you work?
Well, I mean there's a lot of I think companies out there that just take one simple idea. It's just about applying it, writing the program
and selling it. You know what I mean? It's all pretty basic if you think about it, but behind the scenes like I would never be able to do any of that.
Number.
Mhm.
Um I work in um a pre education advising office for a university. I do um I handle budgets which is not as exciting as everything else. But we do, we have like a learning community for freshmen. Um, we handle that in our department, we handle some graduates in our department. We do state licensure. So we're kind of like the book ends. We see you as soon as you get there and we see you as you're graduating, so,
Yeah.
What
universe?
So we actually started working remotely before the mandated, it was shocked the shit out of me. I'm not gonna lie, excuse my language.
But um, for state university to just be like, yeah, you know, get your stuff together and go, um, it's driving me crazy. Like I always thought it would be cool to work from home. No, I am tired of cooking. I'm tired of cleaning dishes, washing. I'm tired of sitting here not talking to anybody. I'm not doing I think, But I think at the same time, if we have to do in the evenings, on the weekends, Michael, adulterants working from home. Um it also gave my life some structure. Like now I can take a shower when I get up, I can take a shower at 6:00 before tom gets home, you know, before he gets off. It's like I have realized more than ever, I need structure in my life.
Yeah.
Do
it
That,
no, um, I live, I live on the lake. I'm pointing to you like, it's, you know, it's like, right now, unfortunately I'm on the lake so, you know, I can go take a quick walk and stuff and we do go hiking. Tom works on the weekends. He's in retail management. So I'm like, over the summer was his peak and it was too difficult to do anything and he actually, his employee quit in like a week after I went remote. So he had been working six and seven days a week the entire time until like three weeks ago. So
I think I needed him most, he was working the most um So really it was being a challenge um and I think everybody just kinda as much as I even I said to people that had kids, it's like, you know, you need to get your students on video calls with their friends and and that's how I didn't listen to my own advice. Um I think more, I know I'm more distant from all of my friends, my family, it's I'm closer to my therapist now because I started that engineer mary um So it's like okay, but thank God I have that video call.
come
on.
Mhm.
So
we look at the news yesterday, our university kind of like, um like, like just drew things out, so I'm with the state, so there's a university system and everybody just immediately was like online classes. Well, charlotte decided to just kind of hold off. We had already prepared to start a couple weeks later. Initially it was because the Republican National Convention was going to be in charlotte. Um so then covid hit and it was like, okay, this will give us like two or three weeks. So then they put off like classes another month without saying all semester it's gonna be online. So we've kind of like being on the edge just trying to decide what we're gonna do and that's, that is not good. Well psyche, it's awful for students or staff or faculty, everybody. So yesterday they sent out an email saying that basically next semester is going to limit this semester, some british, that means that my ass is going to be working from home until at least summer. So I'm nervous about that. But I also know that it's better as long as there's not some sort of vaccine, like I know that I need to be here. I had to I had to really decide do I want because some of my office is working. I'm like, do I want to go in every day and have anxiety because I am, I have a I am in this like wheel of emotions. So it's like to go into with anxiety of possibly coming in contact with something or to sit at home and depressed. So that is the weirdest, strangest like conversation you have to have with yourself and decision, you have to make some sweetie.
No, no, we have this stupid screener which I get, I get it in theory, but the screener is like, do you have a temperature and they gave us a thermometer? Um you know, are you call it the same thing when you go in the doctor's office, but in reality you don't have to rerun in a fever to have it, you know, it's
gorgeous. Yeah.
So you're gonna have the sniffles if you live in north Carolina right now because of allergies. So I don't know their training. I know they're doing the best they can, but
no. Yeah, I'm sorry.
They made the announcement last month for the rest of this semester and then last night they send it out for spring semester. So I'm glad that they did it in advance. I'm so glad that they did that because that's just ridiculous what they put people there. I can't imagine being a student and kind of like just on the edge. Do I move in? Do I not movin? Do we move into a not movin? So student workers that work in my office and I was talking to them yesterday and they're just like I want to be in there, they won, the internet is better, you know it gets me out of my house but it's unlike but you're paying to stay on campus why? Like you're paying for why? Like we've already had three dorm shut down in the last two weeks because of it. So really do you really want to be on campus?
We
heard
them
that uh we when when tom first got some help, we went to the mountains um and it was like right before you get to the Blue ridge parkway because that's what's in our state. Um it was literally in the middle of the nowhere and he told us he's like like it's 45 minutes to a grocery store, it really was like no gas station or anything, so I'm glad we packed everything. Um and we just stayed in the cabin and it was it was amazing, it was a huge cabin, great views and we did that for two nights. Um
We definitely overpaid for it because it was massive or two of us but it was just nice to kind of change where we were and the internet was fantastic. Which is good because I could work um definitely stuck it up my vacation days right now and then went to the beach two weeks ago. We're three hours from the beach, you know four hours from the beach in two hours from the mountains right now. So his parents have X. Or have a beach house so we were able to stay there for a few days and just take our groceries and don't go around anybody and just change, it's a change of scenery I don't here where I go,
how about
you guys?
There
are
They're
not here. I mean there there it's cold it's not like of north cold but we always like to go to Wrightsville um in december and wearing I mean you're wearing a sweatshirt don't get me wrong but there's a few places still open so not every beach completely shuts down.
Mhm.
One
mm. Were telling me from,
Did work with her or just
Yeah I am I'm a little overboard I guess, a little extreme. I take my Clorox wipes with me everywhere. I
mean we have we have gone out to dinner a couple of times and I clean the table cleans the sides of the table cause I've watched how servers clean and it's not that great. So I'm like ok clean the sides of the table, I clean the chair where we're gonna touch it you know? Um I cleaned the glass, the water glasses, the beer glasses. I'm like no no don't touch it yet. Um uh We went out when we were at the beach, we went to our favorite mexican restaurant and there was a piece of a dried cilantro on the knife and I asked for another one and I'm like that's the reason now that cilantro very well could have been on there from the dishwasher. I worked in food management. I get it. But you don't know that could be bacteria, you know? So that's that's just the way it is. So I sanitized it and then let it dry and then, you know, dip a napkin in water. My sister thinks I'm a moron. I'm like, look I'm high risk, he's high risk. It's what I need to do to feel safe. Tom is getting to it. It was really weird at first about it. Like nobody's paying attention to me if you want to go out. This is this is what I have to do.
And
I think I'm the best I've ever been. I'm not written a germophobe except when I'm at work because the students, they just come in coughing and sneezing and don't go to the doctor and their parents aren't there to be like, dude you probably need to go to the doctor, you probably need to stay home. Like they don't they're not intelligent enough at this point on their health to think maybe I shouldn't go in and they come in for their appointment. So um I get a little germophobe at school but we'll see. Maybe it'll help our flu season. That's what I'm, maybe we'll have a milder flu season because 50% of North Carolinians are masking up and and social distancing, we have a problem. Not everybody believes it's
the redneck
life,
it's terrible for.
Not like this.
No.
I don't I don't agree with the its imposing on my freedoms. I'm like really do you have, can you just complain about something else right now? Like it's just a task, it doesn't hurt you and the people that say I can't breathe in them because I have breathing issues, you know? Shut up, I have breathing. If you are the ones that should be wearing the mask, like I'm doing protect you, you need to protect me like they don't and and also we've got, so I would say we're about 50, 50, morons in 50% mass squares and then you have mask wears that kind of break down into like 30, 20. And I don't believe social distancing is necessary when you have masks on. And I'm like, you guys being apart, like it's not 100% or, and tom is guilty of this. When I've seen him at work, he pulls his mask down to talk and I'm like, dude, that is the exact time that you need to be wearing the mask. We wouldn't, we went to pick up sandwiches at Jersey Mike's the other day and we were sitting outside looking in, waiting for him to get done, and the kid is just talking to the other kid in the back without his mask on as he's assembling our sandwiches and I'm like, we're not eating those because he couldn't fit at any moment, whether you know it or not, why you're talking like, he's literally over food and I lift, oh God, I ripped a hole into the manager via email because I'm like, these kids need to know. But I think the longer it goes on, the more we get tired of it the other day, I was like, fuck, I'm tired of wearing this mask for the first time since april but I mean, we just fucking do it. If people would have done it in the beginning, we wouldn't be where we are today, I think.
Um
Good,
this
is I was gonna say, I I don't read a lot about it because of my anxiety. There's certain like I can't deal with numbers and things like that. Like somebody can tell me they're going up and I won't freak out. But like specific numbers or bother me. Um But I did break down and get a blood typing kit because I'm like there's a chance that it will help my anxiety and I realized that there was a chance that it would make my anxiety worse. But I blood type myself last night and I am so positive. So I was like okay, so there's some research coming out, some more research coming out that there's you know, a great niche that oh is less susceptible to things on like okay,
that
then that helps my anxiety a little bit.
So
let's just hope that keeps going little thing.
Yeah, I was reading into like, whatever. Oh, meant anyway. And it got me to a website about the diet, a diet for blood type. Um uh It talked about like your health and it seems as though blood type o is less susceptible to a lot of things like heart disease and cancers. And I'm like, my mind is blown. But then I look at me and I'm like, I'm pretty unhealthy to have blood type. So I am. Am I the exception to the rule? Or are they just making this shit up? You know? So it's uh
Uh huh. I think I would love to do that. I've always been curious about acupuncture. I have a couple of autoimmune diseases and I really feel like that those are very much environmental. Um I've been on keto since March, which I know a lot of people are against, but it really has like lower the inflammation in my body. Like I'm taking a less medication than I was for my thyroid and I have any weight. So I know that it's the inflammation going down. So you know, I think what could acupuncture due to me, but I live in north Carolina and it's full of rednecks. I'm not gonna lie, it's country bumpkins rednecks. Um We have a lot of transplants and those are the people that are like, dude, why can't we have a market? Why can't we have you know, alternate medicine? Why can't we have nice things? Uh that kind of stuff? So
Well I know car arctic air is supposed to be something to. I don't I don't know if I believe that chiropractic care can cure my thyroid condition though. I I don't know if I can go that far, but I think there's something behind chinese medicine.
More
many will
say.
I see somebody a couple of years ago and he's passed away. May he rest in peace. But it was very interesting because one day I don't even remember what question he asked me. He said, but I'm gonna ask you a question. I don't want you to answer it though. He's not gonna hold your risk. Your body is going to answer it for me. And I was like okay quack. I swear to God what the question was. But my body answered him and it turns out he was right. So it was a comment. I did a combination of prescription and herbs and worked and I was like, wow, that's it's very interesting. It's very interesting where we are tom
non something. Uh It's my mark wrong. Democracy is 12:48. That's not right.
And I know I I think I came in late, so I want to remind stopped. Okay. All right. Well, it's very nice to meet you,
enjoy a ton of shit to do their um, just have a blast. Okay.
fine.
You too. Bye.