But Mhm. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hm. Okay. Yeah. But Uh huh. Mhm. But Oh. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Hi.
Yeah.
Can you hear me? All
Hi, my name is Michelle um
The issue. How are you doing today?
of course.
I'm pretty good. Where are you calling in from?
Okay. Okay. We're on the same time zone. I'm up in boston. But yeah, it's a slow morning up here. It's like overcast
and like it's a had a couple of cups cups of coffee. Like make it this morning.
No.
From
I really admire you because I need to do that. But like I just I don't know how I would like work if I like, I mean I guess I have no excuse because like my work is actually on pacific time, so I have like a three hour window to like get it together. But no, I don't know. Maybe I'm just like scared that it will take like months for me to get back to normal, but like good for you. That's awesome because.
Well nonetheless good for you because like, I don't know like with all the stressors and stuff going on right now, like being able to do that is awesome. So even though it's day two, that's awesome.
I work remotely for a start up um We build like custom machine learning models um that basically like they we sell the data to like companies that are so big, like they can't keep track of their own customer data. So like some social media companies and like um grocery delivery or like food delivery, you know stuff you're doing, like tons of surveys and um there's tons of feedback at all times because you know everybody's ordering groceries for example. So um it sounds a lot smarter than it actually is. It's just
thanks.
Yeah, I mean I mean either I just kind of like you know
push them buttons and do the key way stuff, so um
But how about you?
Nice. Yeah my my partner, so I'm like pointing like you know that he's in the other room. Um He
works in admission so yeah the
french
um up here in BRANDEIS. Um But yeah um Cool, so like how how are you doing with like working from home the whole time? Because I know that that was probably on campus like the whole week and
No.
Yeah. Sam I my job like had the option of being remote before all this, but I like could not do that. Like I had to go into the office like at least four days a week. I mean it's nice on friday, but like um yeah, we,
well because we're based out of California, so they took it way more serious like seriously then
I
used to live in the midwest. So like that wasn't even shut down until like March april depending on the state. And so yeah, it's been, I guess like nine months now remote and mhm Yeah, I'm the same way I've, I've got like a little bit of a schedule going plus like my partners remote to. So like we kind of have to like coordinate, you know, who's gonna call wind and all that. But yeah, I hear you like, yeah, is there like a, like a place you can like go on the weekends to like hike or like
are you close to the ocean or anything?
my gosh.
Yeah. That's awesome. Yeah. It's funny you say that I'm actually like at a point when like, yep, it's time like I need to be schedule and get on like a regular schedule with somebody because I'm like debating like a therapist or like a life coach because like I'm
kind
of at this point we're like, do I really like my job? I don't know. I'm like remote all day. And um but yeah,
I don't know.
I
I can't Well and like do you have to do like a covid test every time you go on campus?
Like what is that really
Yeah.
Yeah. I hope that that like you get an answer soon though because that would just stay obnoxious to go the rest of the semester and like being on edge like everything.
No.
Oh my gosh. Yeah. Do you like, do you think like it's safe to like, can you guys go like to like an Airbnb or something for the weekend and like just
like
get
out?
All
Yeah, it's
it's
something about the ocean that just kind of like, it's just a bomb, you know, like even the salt in the air, like we're actually, it's funny that we're looking at north Carolina for maybe like over christmas to come, just get a beach house. Um It was like, yeah, same thing, just get out like, I mean it's going to be a nasty cold appear to, so something a
little bit
more tolerable and we have a dog. So um she's like, you know, super cabin fever just like needs to be, I mean it's good because it gets me out like multiple times a day to take her for walks but like and just letting her run on the beach because we're looking at some places with like dog friendly beaches and all that. Yeah, there's stuff
up here.
Nice. Okay. Yeah good to know because yeah we're still in the planning stages that I'll remember that right? So um yeah
it's just uh I don't know like we just moved to boston like two weeks ago so I'm still getting
like the lay of the land. But um yeah I think there's a bunch of stuff up here too, we could do like a cabin maybe in like maine or Vermont or something.
Uh ST louis yeah.
Uh Yeah the my partner's job to BRANDEIS brought us here. Um But yeah it was it was a three day drive. It was pretty interesting like moving with all you know covid stuff going on. I was actually really really impressed with you whole they like completely sanitized the truck and everything like they did a really good job so that was nice and then um we stayed because the dog and like a couple hotels and they were all clean. There was no one there but like it was just interesting like weird.
Two.
Yeah no I'm the same like we have I've got all the little mini hand sanitizers everywhere like pockets and yeah the wipes when you can find them and yeah I don't know I don't even care anymore. Just dignity out the window like wear a mask everywhere and got
it.
that's
that's how Missouri was too. It was like kind of a relief even though like it's so population dense like everybody
is like on board because Yeah, I mean ST louis like that plus all the other like violence and stuff going on, there was just like a disaster zone and like it was by county really if you had to wear a mask or not, which is like a terrible idea. So
yeah, so in the I'm high risk as well. And so it's just like we've got to get out of here so it's like perfect timing. But Sean found a job up here. Yeah. Um But I mean here like it's funny people like, well like jump off the sidewalk to make sure you're six ft apart like if you're walking down the street. And
I mean it's like it's great but it was just such a like a 1 80 from ST louis where like there's
people, I mean there's like a a little historic district that we went to just like for nostalgia's sake before we left. And they were even like small businesses that were like no mask required like giant signs like defiant and it's like it's like not funny, you know, I don't care who you are, that's just irresponsible. So. Uh huh.
Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I'll take the acne and the, you know, discomfort instead of, you know, being in the hospital for months. I don't know. Um Yeah.
Uh huh. Oh go
ahead. No, no, I I didn't have
anything.
Yeah. That's really
good.
They
are.
But I mean I'm a so like I'm sorry. It's just kind of like of course, you know. But uh yeah, it's good that there's like at least some some stuff coming out where it's like okay well better than no information and Yeah.
I don't know like I uh I try and like I believe in medicine and science but like I'm also like all is there something to chinese medicine like that we don't know about, you know or like the blood type stuff for like, I don't know I mean the facial mapping and all that stuff, it's just it's interesting. I need to find a doctor here and I was kind of like I wonder if I can get like you know somebody who's maybe indian or chinese or something so that it's like the best of both worlds because interesting stuff.
Yeah. Yeah, I've never had it done but everyone I've like known to do it loves it and it's like I mean I have a like a family friend who she is doing it and supplement with her chemo and apparently it really helps and like around that.
Yeah. Yes. I don't
know. Maybe one day we'll get some
you know
mainstream non whether the answers to pass.
Um we're I think we're at time actually because I think we start at 9:01.
Oh I've got 33 30.
This is
okay thanks you too and have a good rest of your week.
Thank