SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Hey. Okay. Hey baby. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Thank you. Yeah, that's good. Yeah. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Right, Okay. Yes, yeah. Can you hear me
SPEAKER_L: yep. Can you hear me?
SPEAKER_R: okay? Yeah, let me turn up my volume a little bit. Yeah. Mhm Sure. No. Hi,
SPEAKER_L: hi, how's it going? Yeah
SPEAKER_R: it's good. I'm Sarah
SPEAKER_L: mary, nice to meet you
SPEAKER_R: Hi mary, So you're not from prolific,
SPEAKER_L: people.
SPEAKER_R: are you?
SPEAKER_L: I am. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: You are Okay. It was a little unclear if you were actually going to be somebody from prolific or if it was going to be a set up with somebody
SPEAKER_L: almost.
SPEAKER_R: totally random. So nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: You too. This is my first time doing this. So.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, well, me too. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: So what do you do? Do you work to stay home?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So I actually just got a new job today. I just got the job offer today. I start next using a super excited about it. I'm going to be working um for um, the Southeastern michigan Public Health Association, um on behalf of the Wayne County Department of Public Health Two do, um, environmental compliance, you know, So essentially I'll be going into companies who have received complaints about their workers, not following some of the covid guidelines. Yeah, it's likely to be a bit of a contentious job, but um, I'm kind of excited about it. It's cool to be doing something covid related just because sometimes feel so helpless, so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I work in a family practice in in, I live in Wayne County as well. So um yeah, I work in a family practice. So we see, we don't see people with Covid now, we're just doing television. It's for them. Um But there's so many guidelines we have to follow, like wearing the K. N. 90 five's and checking our temperatures and you know, keeping track of all of our symptoms. So yeah, it's gonna be a lot for you, especially with like the stores and the businesses, the restaurants. So. Good luck.
SPEAKER_R: I mean it should be interesting. I feel bad for a lot of these businesses just trying to keep up with what the guidelines are when they're just ever changing. Um And I think a lot of them want to do the right thing and then, you know, customers are coming in telling them like I'm not going to come here if you make me do this and that and it's not their fault. They're really stuck between a rock and a hard place here.
SPEAKER_L: It's it's got to be scary for somebody and like even in my position, I'll have patients that they'll have their mask down and I'll say, you know, can you please put that over your nose and then they'll, oh, I have a condition, I can't do this. This is ridiculous. And you know, we had patients yelling because we only allowed one person in the room instead of having, you know, the husband and the wife and they were yelling
SPEAKER_R: Are you
SPEAKER_L: and trying to leave. So it's hard because it's, you can only control them so much to like do these things.
SPEAKER_R: And how long before people start to get used to this as the new normal? You know,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: it's like,
SPEAKER_L: know nothing's ever gonna be the same. It's, you're still gonna, you know, 10 years from now see people wearing masks in stores and just because you never know.
SPEAKER_R: isn't
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: it sad how things quickly, how change,
SPEAKER_L: h
SPEAKER_R: how fast things can change and how dramatically it's it's so weird just to think about like anything you want to do in your future now, you have to work Covid potentially into it for the rest of our lives. But I hope that's not the case. You know, I hope we get a vaccine eventually. But and I read an article in scientific american um and one of the researchers that's working on a vaccine study was talking about how Covid is more closely related to something like herpes or AIDS than something like the flu or a cold um where, you know, we just don't know that it's not going to live in your body forever and and be able to come back and so while we can probably look forward to better treatment in the future, we might never actually have a working vaccine. And I think we really have pinned their hopes to a vaccine and it just might might never occur. So interesting.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. We don't know long term effects either. Like even somebody that maybe just had mild symptoms like what about down the, down the road, are they going to have something like long term that's going to be wrong with them, like, nobody really knows yet. So it's, it's so scary because it's so unknown and I think that's where a lot of people don't understand because there's some people that are like, oh, it's just another flu, oh, it's not a big deal, but we don't know what's going to happen. Even if you, you have mild symptoms, you might get, you know, some
SPEAKER_R: But.
SPEAKER_L: lung disease later on in life from it, like, it's just scary.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah. It's terrifying. I mean think about chicken pox and how it's related to shingles. That was something that I only learned about years and years later when my aunt came down with shingles and she half of her face almost 15 years later is paralyzed. She
SPEAKER_L: my goodness.
SPEAKER_R: almost lost her vision. I mean it was it was she got it really, really bad. Um and my mom and my uncle both had shingles and so I'm begging my doctor to let me get the vaccine. But they're like you're too young, you can't get until your fifth
SPEAKER_L: 50.
SPEAKER_R: even a lightening, your insurance wouldn't pay for it. It's crazy expensive. And like but this is terrifying. But I mean you know that people thought chicken pox isn't that big of a deal. Uh You know and we all then, you know, when we were older, our kids got vaccinated against it and, but we just didn't, we didn't realize there was such a link to it. That's crazy. I'm getting more and more interested in public health though as I go through my career, just because so many things have been happening. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's been crazy.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. So where are you? And Wayne County?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Allen Park um and then I work in Dearborn, so
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Dearborn is a great area. I've looked into moving there. Do you like the area in general and you like Alan Park?
SPEAKER_L: I do. I love it. We moved here three years ago now, so we were involved in jail before. I don't know if you're familiar with that area, but
SPEAKER_R: All right, look good.
SPEAKER_L: it's just a lot nicer over here and it's just, it's just calm, it's quiet, it's close to work, so it's
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: working
SPEAKER_R: great.
SPEAKER_L: out.
SPEAKER_R: That's very cool. How long have you been at the private practice?
SPEAKER_L: five years and then I was at a foot doctor before that, so
SPEAKER_R: Okay. What's your actual position? Are you a nurse or?
SPEAKER_L: I'm a medical assistant, so
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Where'd you go to school?
SPEAKER_L: I went to baker college.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I started out at baker, I was planning to study education and when I got about a year in I started I was going through my genitals and I ended up taking a political science class with a really great um professor and I got super interested and decided to change my major. Um and they said, well you can't, you can't major in it here. So I love to go to Wayne State and I stayed there until my student loans were just about God and I couldn't afford it anymore. And then I finished up at Oakland. Um I wish I had changed Oakland a lot earlier. I probably would have saved 15 Grand on My Student Loan.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Yeah. It's insane. I'll be paying those off forever. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I think so. Too bad. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. But I I used to work at Starbucks before this before I finish school, so I'm just glad I'm like out of retail and beverages and things like that now, especially now with everything going on. So
SPEAKER_R: The right pressure now, how is Starbucks as an employer? I've heard a good thing.
SPEAKER_L: I was one I had nothing bad to say about it, it was wonderful, we had stock options, we had benefits pay was pretty competitive. Um Like when I had my daughter, I got eight weeks off completely paid,
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: which was nice. Um Yeah, so their benefits for amazing company was great. Um Some of the culture has been changing lately since I left, I left there probably about six years ago. Um So I think it's changing for the worse, like they got rid of like the uniforms, the drinks aren't, it's not about like the coffee and making the connections anymore, it's kind of just like in and out, you know get your coffee and go and all these crazy drinks, so all of the changes, I don't know how I feel about it, but I'm glad that I had the experiences when I was there that I did and I made a lot of good friends there too that I'm still friends with now. So
SPEAKER_R: that's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: it worked out. Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Now you said you have kids?
SPEAKER_L: I have one, One
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: daughter
SPEAKER_R: girl?
SPEAKER_L: girl, she's 11. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: So how school looking for her right now? Is she home
SPEAKER_L: she's
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: all online, yep.
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: They tried
SPEAKER_R: in life?
SPEAKER_L: to go back, they were back about eight days and then they said no we're going back online because they got an outbreak. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Do you have a preference? I mean, would you surely you would rather have her in school if it was possible, Right? But
SPEAKER_L: I prefer her in but it actually, I'm lucky enough to have a husband who's working from home so I don't have to really worry about it too much.
SPEAKER_R: That's so hard. I don't know how what we are doing it. My kids are 22 and um about to be 20. And so my daughter graduated in 2019. Um and she she didn't have a great time in high school, but senior year was definitely her best. She was in like a musical and she went to prom and like she really focused on making senior year everything that is supposed to be. And then I'm watching the kids like Trying to graduate in 2020 and I would have been devastated for
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: her.
SPEAKER_L: so sad.
SPEAKER_R: I think she would have been so depressed. So I'm grateful not to have to deal with it. I don't know what as a parent I would do in this situation. I live in a really conservative town. I'm up in Lake Orien. They don't they just they don't believe in covid here period for the north Korea. Yeah. So everybody wants their kids back in school, they want football games, they want school dances. I mean they just they think it's it's just not real. Um
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: And there haven't been a whole lot of people who have been diagnosed here, which I'm grateful for. But unfortunately sometimes the only way that people are going to believe it is if it happens to them so it's off. But yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, Yeah, there was a girl, she doesn't work with me anymore, but she did and she was one that she never wanted to wear her mask. She didn't believe it all of these things and then we just found out her sister got it and her sister has diabetes asthma, A lot of like underlying conditions she was, they had to put her in a medically induced coma that she was on a ventilator for a week. Like they thought she had brain damage. She ended up now she's okay she's home. But that like it took that unfortunately for her to realize okay this is bad. Okay I need to follow these rules and it's sad it's so sad. But unfortunately some people they don't understand it until it actually affects them.
SPEAKER_R: right. My son wasn't taking it very seriously. At first he was thrilled to be off work and collecting unemployment and you know, he thought everything was great but then you know he'd come in and not washed his hands and I'd be hounding him all the time and I finally told him, you know, if you get sick and you have to go to the hospital and you're laying there on a ventilator, um they're not going to let me come in and see you. And he's like, of course they are, your my mom, like, you'd be able to visit me in the hospital and I said no, I said I'd be lucky if you were on the ground floor and I could see you through a window, but they won't let your family or friends, no matter how close I said, there's people that are dying and they can't even say goodbye to their loved ones. And I think it really kind of shocked him to think, I mean, he's the kind of person who, like if he gets a cut on his finger and the first person he calls and he wants me to go to urgent care with them, you know? So I think that's what hidden was like the thought of not being able to be cared for. I was like, okay, it's worth washing my hands and wearing my mask now. I hated to use scare tactics on him, but sometimes before it there's
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You gotta
SPEAKER_R: nothing.
SPEAKER_L: do what you gotta do sometimes. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: So what does your husband do for a living?
SPEAKER_L: he is a web master for a consulting firm so I don't even know exactly what he does. I don't know
SPEAKER_R: Like,
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: on
SPEAKER_R: he's
SPEAKER_L: the computer
SPEAKER_R: the one
SPEAKER_L: talking
SPEAKER_R: when you would
SPEAKER_L: to people
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: all day.
SPEAKER_R: when you have a problem and you type like web master at company name dot com, That's him that they're writing to.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. He's always fixing things that people mess up so.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh, that's fun. Well, he must be pretty hard.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah he's all right. Yeah. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: that's funny.
SPEAKER_L: Are you married
SPEAKER_R: I'm not I'm a single mom. I've been a single mom since my kids were pretty little. Yeah, so it's interesting having them. The adults now are sort of adults now. It's yeah, I always said when I was younger that You know my my friends were going to be sorry for waiting to have kids because I was going to be 40 and then I was going to be free and they were not and that's exactly what happened. So I've got a lot of friends, I have little kids at home and I'm just kind of sitting back laughing now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I had my daughter very young. I was only 19 when I had her. So um I do split custody with her and her dad. So we're not together and married to Evan married to my husband for it'll be five years now. We've been together for like eight. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: from
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: congratulations.
SPEAKER_L: I mean everything works out so
SPEAKER_R: That's that's what does split custody look like? Is it like happened? How for
SPEAKER_L: yeah it's half and half so it's like we were when like Covid first started and over the summer we have a good relationship luckily for her. Um We're just doing every other week just switching. Um But now we do so I have her every Wednesday thursday he has every monday Tuesday and then we switch um uh friday saturday sunday every other week. So
SPEAKER_R: does he live nearby?
SPEAKER_L: yeah he lives just a couple towns over and wind out. So yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's not hard on her. Does she ever complain about it?
SPEAKER_L: she's been doing this since she was three so I think that since we we haven't been together for so long that it's just kind of something that she's used to and it's always been just pretty easy because everybody gets along very well luckily
SPEAKER_R: that's all from
SPEAKER_L: I'm very lucky for that, so um it just it works out and she has two brothers that are at her dad's house, so
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Does she have a step mom here?
SPEAKER_L: she does, yep,
SPEAKER_R: Do you get along with her too? Oh that's amazing. I love
SPEAKER_L: is good,
SPEAKER_R: that. That's
SPEAKER_L: I'm lucky for all that, so yeah
SPEAKER_R: That is very awesome. How cool. So how about Pat's do you guys have pets?
SPEAKER_L: I have a lot a lot three dogs and a cat, so the dogs are all brothers and sisters, they're Australian shepherd, border collies, so yeah
SPEAKER_R: Help
SPEAKER_L: and then I
SPEAKER_R: them.
SPEAKER_L: have one cat that she doesn't really like the dogs too much, but I mean they get along enough so it's okay,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And she's
SPEAKER_L: how about
SPEAKER_R: believer.
SPEAKER_L: you? Yeah. Oh yeah definitely. Do you have any pets?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. The cats are always the leaders. My my daughter um works for animal control as a veterinary assistant. So we also have a house full of animals. I don't think we ever won't have a house full of animals. Right now. We have four cats um A Bearded Dragon and two Bunnies. Yeah two of the cats are fosters but we have we got them when they were bottle babies and we haven't their sisters and we refused to split them up And now they're like God seven or 8 months old. So they're not the cute little baby Kittens anymore and nobody wants them and I really want to keep them. And my
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: daughter
SPEAKER_L: now
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: you're
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: a foster failure?
SPEAKER_R: yeah I am a little bit but my God was telling me like I can't keep bringing more kittens home to foster if we don't get rid of them and I'm just like I guess you could move out and get your own place then, you know? So
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I love the girls though and we have a senior cat whose brother died um Last christmas That we've had, she's 17, he died when he was 16 and then my daughter just brought home a new Like Obese 10 year old cat that she fell in love with at the shelter. Um and we had bunnies when she was younger and they passed away over the years, so she got to new bunnies and they're just a ton of fun to have around there. So feel the bearded dragon was retired from her veterinary program at school. Um And so we took her in and she's really cool and she plays with the kittens, so it's it's crazy around here, we had a rat who also died last christmas um that was the most fun so far, he was a rat and we ended up taking him in from her veterinary program because he was too fat to play with his brothers, he couldn't like climb up like with the dynamics and stuff, so he didn't really depressed because he didn't have anybody to play with. And first day she brought him home I was just like oh you wanna like I don't know if I could do this but I mean it was literally weeks and I would be like cuddling with him and he was just so sweet and
SPEAKER_L: How cute.
SPEAKER_R: he was so bad, he would just kind of lumber around the house like dragging his big belly and right um It's
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: an interesting life yeah people think I'm crazy and they're like you let your daughter around the house and I'm like yeah you know what I I kind of just don't care though, like I mean
SPEAKER_L: You know man,
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: you like you like the animals around?
SPEAKER_R: I know
SPEAKER_L: It's it's
SPEAKER_R: it's it is it's crazy. It's weird. It's fun. So it's a lot of work, but it's something she's really passionate about and I want to support her and She pays for most of it. Well, she gets 50% off that bills too,
SPEAKER_L: I know.
SPEAKER_R: so yeah, which was
SPEAKER_L: There you go.
SPEAKER_R: help, you know, for the senior cats especially. So um yeah, it's been it's been interesting and she's going for her vet tech certificate now, so she'll be in school for another another 2.5 years and eventually she'll move out. She's going to have a house full of crazy animals, she wants like a pig and a goat and a cow and
SPEAKER_L: One of my friends has a pig. He has his own room and everything. Yeah. He's got pig and birds. So
SPEAKER_R: That's amazing. I love it.
SPEAKER_L: all these crazy animals are awesome. I I couldn't go without having an animal like or multiple. So we're going to get like one dog when we got them. They're they're five now we're going to get one. And then I was like, well I want this one and my husband's like well I want this one. I'm like we're going to take a both. I used to foster before this for just like this rescue that was in Monroe. Um And I fostered like four or 5 dogs which ended up all getting adopted so that when our dogs became available and they were puppies, um we ended up like, yeah, we're we need them. We need all of them. So
SPEAKER_R: That is so cool. I love it. So you're a
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: field
SPEAKER_L: then,
SPEAKER_R: fast. thank you.
SPEAKER_L: yes. And then we got our cat because our, oh, there's your cat. Uh
SPEAKER_R: there is one of the most
SPEAKER_L: we got our cat because a stray cat had kittens in our garage at our old house in like the rafters. And our dogs kind of noticed them. And then that's how we notice them. And one day it was like raining and I saw the box, it was like an old box, my daughter's clothes that she had these kittens in. And I told my husband, I'm like, I'm bringing them in their coming in the house and they came in, we got them all adopted. I would except for one. And then we kept her. So yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That is so cool. What's her name?
SPEAKER_L: Her name's Maipo M E E P O. It's
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: from
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: a video game that we play. So
SPEAKER_R: Okay. That's what's fun about the dogs.
SPEAKER_L: Another video game is Sora and Kyrie there from a game called Kingdom Hearts. And then our daughter named the last one. Which is biscuit. That's a girl named biscuit. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's funny. I remember let's get the dog books when my daughter was little. You loved them.
SPEAKER_L: That's how we got a biscuit.
SPEAKER_R: That's so fun.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. They're mad today because they had to have baths, so they're now they're mad at me.
SPEAKER_R: Mario yeah our animals are commonly mad. My daughter loves to try new veterinary techniques and animals, so she's always like cleaning somebody's ears
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: are cutting
SPEAKER_L: one,
SPEAKER_R: nails or just random things that always was like her little tool bag, It's like
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: mean, so, one of our dogs, he he hates his nails trimmed. Like he I tried to trim them and he like, peed in my face when
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: I was trying to he was so scared. So I'm like, oh no, you have to go out to get to get these done.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh. Yeah my daughter just like she goes around to people's houses and in terms of their nails and she uses um squeeze cheese and peanut butter and she'll just smear it like on a wall and put the dog up to it and he'll be so busy like looking it off the wall that she'll be able to grab nails cut, so that might
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: be
SPEAKER_L: try to do
SPEAKER_R: guy.
SPEAKER_L: that for like, their bath. And he still was like, no, I'm not doing this. Like,
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: we can't even touch his paws. And he's like, nope.
SPEAKER_R: Oh poor dad, it's fun. What kind of stuff does your daughter like to do?
SPEAKER_L: she likes we play a lot of video games, so she likes to play like Fortnite and all that stuff, and then she's really into art. Um So she draws a lot and she's starting to do some digital art because my husband does a lot of that, so that's like her big thing. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Good stuff to learn for sure. Has she been able to see any of her friends since all this started?
SPEAKER_L: Um Not really, mostly it's just on the phone or they do like the face Time where they talk to each other, so she's seen her cousin um because we're pretty close with them, so she's been around her since this all started. Um But yeah, nobody else, so, but it's okay, like she seems to be handling it pretty well. Um
SPEAKER_R: that's good,
SPEAKER_L: She's talking to her friends like every single day, so I think that helps.
SPEAKER_R: That's good. What do the holidays look like for you guys?
SPEAKER_L: Um Probably just thanksgiving with family and my parents just moved to Allen Park, so we'll go over there for christmas Eve and Really? That's about it. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: My mom just moved up to the traverse city area, so I won't be seeing her until after christmas, but I usually spend thanksgiving christmas with my dad and um he he's extremely conservative, he's a no masker, he has extended
SPEAKER_L: gosh.
SPEAKER_R: family, like my whole stepfamily, um They don't believe in masks and so I'm really kind of nervous about being around them and I think I'm just going to tell them that I'm just not comfortable doing it. Um I mean the guidelines right now say no more than 10 people anyway. And I think if I brought my kids we'd be like 10, 11 and 12. So I think it's, my kids don't, my kids are both vegetarians, they don't get into thanksgiving very much anyway, so I'm
SPEAKER_L: It's not
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: worth the
SPEAKER_R: important.
SPEAKER_L: risk.
SPEAKER_R: It really isn't. And it's just like if I knew that if it was somebody's house where I knew people were being careful, I might not feel as uncomfortable about it, but like they purposefully aren't careful. And so I'm just like, I don't know, I, you know, I just don't I'm just not comfortable with it this year and I'd like everybody to still be alive next year so we could do it. It's hard being in a super conservative family sometimes, but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, it's gotta be,
SPEAKER_R: I'm found. Mhm. How long have you been with? prolific?
SPEAKER_L: I just started doing this actually, maybe two weeks, three weeks. My friend told me about it and I have some free time, so I just thought I'd sign up and start doing it. I'm like, oh, this is kind of neat. So yeah, I like it so far.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It really is cool. My, my mom is retired and she leaves it open all the time and like even if she gets up in the middle of the night to use the bathroom, she checks it, she pulls in like an extra $150 a month from it.
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: She's doing it all the time and I'm like very cool. She's on a fixed income. So anything will help.
SPEAKER_L: there you go. If you have the free time, you know, and you just get out to get some water. Oh, there's a little study there. Let me do it real quick. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: kind
SPEAKER_R: pretty
SPEAKER_L: of nice.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Some of them are really interesting. Some of them completely baffled me and I have no idea it would be studying, but it's always interesting for sure. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I like
SPEAKER_R: Have
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: you done like focus groups or anything like the like mock trials or the tape that's or anything?
SPEAKER_L: I did user interviews, which was one. so I did like this focus group about diabetes in different diabetic websites, but that's the only one that I did besides prolific. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Pretty cool. Let me see what are we are on time. That's funny. We just hit 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_L: It went by quick.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It really did. It was really nice talking with you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You, too. We had a lot of the same views on things I think made it a lot easier to talk.
SPEAKER_R: I know that they do that on purpose. I wonder Or
SPEAKER_L: Well. I don't know. Maybe.
SPEAKER_R: was it completely random? It will be interesting to see what the questions are like. I think we have a question so. All right. Well it would've been nice getting to know you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You too. Good luck at your new job.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you so much and Stacy.
SPEAKER_L: You too. Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: Take care of high.