Yeah. Right, Okay. Yes, yeah. Can you hear me
okay? Yeah, let me turn up my volume a little bit. Yeah. Mhm Sure. No. Hi,
it's good. I'm Sarah
Hi mary, So you're not from prolific,
are you?
You are Okay. It was a little unclear if you were actually going to be somebody from prolific or if it was going to be a set up with somebody
totally random. So nice to meet you.
Okay, well, me too. Okay.
Yeah. So I actually just got a new job today. I just got the job offer today. I start next using a super excited about it. I'm going to be working um for um, the Southeastern michigan Public Health Association, um on behalf of the Wayne County Department of Public Health Two do, um, environmental compliance, you know, So essentially I'll be going into companies who have received complaints about their workers, not following some of the covid guidelines. Yeah, it's likely to be a bit of a contentious job, but um, I'm kind of excited about it. It's cool to be doing something covid related just because sometimes feel so helpless, so
I mean it should be interesting. I feel bad for a lot of these businesses just trying to keep up with what the guidelines are when they're just ever changing. Um And I think a lot of them want to do the right thing and then, you know, customers are coming in telling them like I'm not going to come here if you make me do this and that and it's not their fault. They're really stuck between a rock and a hard place here.
Are you
And how long before people start to get used to this as the new normal? You know,
it's like,
isn't
it sad how things quickly, how change,
how fast things can change and how dramatically it's it's so weird just to think about like anything you want to do in your future now, you have to work Covid potentially into it for the rest of our lives. But I hope that's not the case. You know, I hope we get a vaccine eventually. But and I read an article in scientific american um and one of the researchers that's working on a vaccine study was talking about how Covid is more closely related to something like herpes or AIDS than something like the flu or a cold um where, you know, we just don't know that it's not going to live in your body forever and and be able to come back and so while we can probably look forward to better treatment in the future, we might never actually have a working vaccine. And I think we really have pinned their hopes to a vaccine and it just might might never occur. So interesting.
But.
Right. Yeah. It's terrifying. I mean think about chicken pox and how it's related to shingles. That was something that I only learned about years and years later when my aunt came down with shingles and she half of her face almost 15 years later is paralyzed. She
almost lost her vision. I mean it was it was she got it really, really bad. Um and my mom and my uncle both had shingles and so I'm begging my doctor to let me get the vaccine. But they're like you're too young, you can't get until your fifth
even a lightening, your insurance wouldn't pay for it. It's crazy expensive. And like but this is terrifying. But I mean you know that people thought chicken pox isn't that big of a deal. Uh You know and we all then, you know, when we were older, our kids got vaccinated against it and, but we just didn't, we didn't realize there was such a link to it. That's crazy. I'm getting more and more interested in public health though as I go through my career, just because so many things have been happening. So
yeah. So where are you? And Wayne County?
Okay. Dearborn is a great area. I've looked into moving there. Do you like the area in general and you like Alan Park?
All right, look good.
That's
great.
That's very cool. How long have you been at the private practice?
Okay. What's your actual position? Are you a nurse or?
Okay. Where'd you go to school?
Okay. I started out at baker, I was planning to study education and when I got about a year in I started I was going through my genitals and I ended up taking a political science class with a really great um professor and I got super interested and decided to change my major. Um and they said, well you can't, you can't major in it here. So I love to go to Wayne State and I stayed there until my student loans were just about God and I couldn't afford it anymore. And then I finished up at Oakland. Um I wish I had changed Oakland a lot earlier. I probably would have saved 15 Grand on My Student Loan.
I think so. Too bad. So
The right pressure now, how is Starbucks as an employer? I've heard a good thing.
Well
that's awesome.
Now you said you have kids?
or
girl?
So how school looking for her right now? Is she home
or
all
in life?
Do you have a preference? I mean, would you surely you would rather have her in school if it was possible, Right? But
That's so hard. I don't know how what we are doing it. My kids are 22 and um about to be 20. And so my daughter graduated in 2019. Um and she she didn't have a great time in high school, but senior year was definitely her best. She was in like a musical and she went to prom and like she really focused on making senior year everything that is supposed to be. And then I'm watching the kids like Trying to graduate in 2020 and I would have been devastated for
her.
I think she would have been so depressed. So I'm grateful not to have to deal with it. I don't know what as a parent I would do in this situation. I live in a really conservative town. I'm up in Lake Orien. They don't they just they don't believe in covid here period for the north Korea. Yeah. So everybody wants their kids back in school, they want football games, they want school dances. I mean they just they think it's it's just not real. Um
And there haven't been a whole lot of people who have been diagnosed here, which I'm grateful for. But unfortunately sometimes the only way that people are going to believe it is if it happens to them so it's off. But yeah,
right. My son wasn't taking it very seriously. At first he was thrilled to be off work and collecting unemployment and you know, he thought everything was great but then you know he'd come in and not washed his hands and I'd be hounding him all the time and I finally told him, you know, if you get sick and you have to go to the hospital and you're laying there on a ventilator, um they're not going to let me come in and see you. And he's like, of course they are, your my mom, like, you'd be able to visit me in the hospital and I said no, I said I'd be lucky if you were on the ground floor and I could see you through a window, but they won't let your family or friends, no matter how close I said, there's people that are dying and they can't even say goodbye to their loved ones. And I think it really kind of shocked him to think, I mean, he's the kind of person who, like if he gets a cut on his finger and the first person he calls and he wants me to go to urgent care with them, you know? So I think that's what hidden was like the thought of not being able to be cared for. I was like, okay, it's worth washing my hands and wearing my mask now. I hated to use scare tactics on him, but sometimes before it there's
nothing.
So what does your husband do for a living?
Like,
so
he's
the one
when you would
like,
when you have a problem and you type like web master at company name dot com, That's him that they're writing to.
Oh my gosh, that's fun. Well, he must be pretty hard.
that's funny.
I'm not I'm a single mom. I've been a single mom since my kids were pretty little. Yeah, so it's interesting having them. The adults now are sort of adults now. It's yeah, I always said when I was younger that You know my my friends were going to be sorry for waiting to have kids because I was going to be 40 and then I was going to be free and they were not and that's exactly what happened. So I've got a lot of friends, I have little kids at home and I'm just kind of sitting back laughing now.
from
congratulations.
That's that's what does split custody look like? Is it like happened? How for
does he live nearby?
That's not hard on her. Does she ever complain about it?
that's all from
Okay. Does she have a step mom here?
Do you get along with her too? Oh that's amazing. I love
that. That's
That is very awesome. How cool. So how about Pat's do you guys have pets?
Help
them.
Yeah. And she's
believer.
Yeah. The cats are always the leaders. My my daughter um works for animal control as a veterinary assistant. So we also have a house full of animals. I don't think we ever won't have a house full of animals. Right now. We have four cats um A Bearded Dragon and two Bunnies. Yeah two of the cats are fosters but we have we got them when they were bottle babies and we haven't their sisters and we refused to split them up And now they're like God seven or 8 months old. So they're not the cute little baby Kittens anymore and nobody wants them and I really want to keep them. And my
daughter
is
like
yeah I am a little bit but my God was telling me like I can't keep bringing more kittens home to foster if we don't get rid of them and I'm just like I guess you could move out and get your own place then, you know? So
yeah, I love the girls though and we have a senior cat whose brother died um Last christmas That we've had, she's 17, he died when he was 16 and then my daughter just brought home a new Like Obese 10 year old cat that she fell in love with at the shelter. Um and we had bunnies when she was younger and they passed away over the years, so she got to new bunnies and they're just a ton of fun to have around there. So feel the bearded dragon was retired from her veterinary program at school. Um And so we took her in and she's really cool and she plays with the kittens, so it's it's crazy around here, we had a rat who also died last christmas um that was the most fun so far, he was a rat and we ended up taking him in from her veterinary program because he was too fat to play with his brothers, he couldn't like climb up like with the dynamics and stuff, so he didn't really depressed because he didn't have anybody to play with. And first day she brought him home I was just like oh you wanna like I don't know if I could do this but I mean it was literally weeks and I would be like cuddling with him and he was just so sweet and
he was so bad, he would just kind of lumber around the house like dragging his big belly and right um It's
an interesting life yeah people think I'm crazy and they're like you let your daughter around the house and I'm like yeah you know what I I kind of just don't care though, like I mean
it's
I know
it's it is it's crazy. It's weird. It's fun. So it's a lot of work, but it's something she's really passionate about and I want to support her and She pays for most of it. Well, she gets 50% off that bills too,
so yeah, which was
help, you know, for the senior cats especially. So um yeah, it's been it's been interesting and she's going for her vet tech certificate now, so she'll be in school for another another 2.5 years and eventually she'll move out. She's going to have a house full of crazy animals, she wants like a pig and a goat and a cow and
That's amazing. I love it.
That is so cool. I love it. So you're a
field
fast. thank you.
there is one of the most
That is so cool. What's her name?
That's
no.
Okay. That's what's fun about the dogs.
That's funny. I remember let's get the dog books when my daughter was little. You loved them.
That's so fun.
Mario yeah our animals are commonly mad. My daughter loves to try new veterinary techniques and animals, so she's always like cleaning somebody's ears
are cutting
nails or just random things that always was like her little tool bag, It's like
all
No.
Oh my gosh. Yeah my daughter just like she goes around to people's houses and in terms of their nails and she uses um squeeze cheese and peanut butter and she'll just smear it like on a wall and put the dog up to it and he'll be so busy like looking it off the wall that she'll be able to grab nails cut, so that might
be
guy.
No.
Oh poor dad, it's fun. What kind of stuff does your daughter like to do?
Good stuff to learn for sure. Has she been able to see any of her friends since all this started?
that's good,
That's good. What do the holidays look like for you guys?
My mom just moved up to the traverse city area, so I won't be seeing her until after christmas, but I usually spend thanksgiving christmas with my dad and um he he's extremely conservative, he's a no masker, he has extended
family, like my whole stepfamily, um They don't believe in masks and so I'm really kind of nervous about being around them and I think I'm just going to tell them that I'm just not comfortable doing it. Um I mean the guidelines right now say no more than 10 people anyway. And I think if I brought my kids we'd be like 10, 11 and 12. So I think it's, my kids don't, my kids are both vegetarians, they don't get into thanksgiving very much anyway, so I'm
that
important.
It really isn't. And it's just like if I knew that if it was somebody's house where I knew people were being careful, I might not feel as uncomfortable about it, but like they purposefully aren't careful. And so I'm just like, I don't know, I, you know, I just don't I'm just not comfortable with it this year and I'd like everybody to still be alive next year so we could do it. It's hard being in a super conservative family sometimes, but
I'm found. Mhm. How long have you been with? prolific?
Yeah. It really is cool. My, my mom is retired and she leaves it open all the time and like even if she gets up in the middle of the night to use the bathroom, she checks it, she pulls in like an extra $150 a month from it.
She's doing it all the time and I'm like very cool. She's on a fixed income. So anything will help.
Yeah.
It's
pretty
Yeah. Some of them are really interesting. Some of them completely baffled me and I have no idea it would be studying, but it's always interesting for sure. Mhm.
Have
you done like focus groups or anything like the like mock trials or the tape that's or anything?
Pretty cool. Let me see what are we are on time. That's funny. We just hit 25 minutes.
Yeah. It really did. It was really nice talking with you.
I know that they do that on purpose. I wonder Or
was it completely random? It will be interesting to see what the questions are like. I think we have a question so. All right. Well it would've been nice getting to know you.
Thank you so much and Stacy.
Take care of high.