Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Hey. Okay. Hey baby. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Thank you. Yeah, that's good. Yeah. Yeah,
yep. Can you hear me?
hi, how's it going? Yeah
mary, nice to meet you
people.
I am. Yeah.
almost.
You too. This is my first time doing this. So.
So what do you do? Do you work to stay home?
Yeah. I work in a family practice in in, I live in Wayne County as well. So um yeah, I work in a family practice. So we see, we don't see people with Covid now, we're just doing television. It's for them. Um But there's so many guidelines we have to follow, like wearing the K. N. 90 five's and checking our temperatures and you know, keeping track of all of our symptoms. So yeah, it's gonna be a lot for you, especially with like the stores and the businesses, the restaurants. So. Good luck.
It's it's got to be scary for somebody and like even in my position, I'll have patients that they'll have their mask down and I'll say, you know, can you please put that over your nose and then they'll, oh, I have a condition, I can't do this. This is ridiculous. And you know, we had patients yelling because we only allowed one person in the room instead of having, you know, the husband and the wife and they were yelling
and trying to leave. So it's hard because it's, you can only control them so much to like do these things.
I
know nothing's ever gonna be the same. It's, you're still gonna, you know, 10 years from now see people wearing masks in stores and just because you never know.
So
h
Yeah. We don't know long term effects either. Like even somebody that maybe just had mild symptoms like what about down the, down the road, are they going to have something like long term that's going to be wrong with them, like, nobody really knows yet. So it's, it's so scary because it's so unknown and I think that's where a lot of people don't understand because there's some people that are like, oh, it's just another flu, oh, it's not a big deal, but we don't know what's going to happen. Even if you, you have mild symptoms, you might get, you know, some
lung disease later on in life from it, like, it's just scary.
my goodness.
50.
Yeah, it's been crazy.
I'm in Allen Park um and then I work in Dearborn, so
I do. I love it. We moved here three years ago now, so we were involved in jail before. I don't know if you're familiar with that area, but
it's just a lot nicer over here and it's just, it's just calm, it's quiet, it's close to work, so it's
working
out.
five years and then I was at a foot doctor before that, so
I'm a medical assistant, so
I went to baker college.
yeah. Yeah. It's insane. I'll be paying those off forever. Yeah.
Yeah. But I I used to work at Starbucks before this before I finish school, so I'm just glad I'm like out of retail and beverages and things like that now, especially now with everything going on. So
I was one I had nothing bad to say about it, it was wonderful, we had stock options, we had benefits pay was pretty competitive. Um Like when I had my daughter, I got eight weeks off completely paid,
which was nice. Um Yeah, so their benefits for amazing company was great. Um Some of the culture has been changing lately since I left, I left there probably about six years ago. Um So I think it's changing for the worse, like they got rid of like the uniforms, the drinks aren't, it's not about like the coffee and making the connections anymore, it's kind of just like in and out, you know get your coffee and go and all these crazy drinks, so all of the changes, I don't know how I feel about it, but I'm glad that I had the experiences when I was there that I did and I made a lot of good friends there too that I'm still friends with now. So
it worked out. Yeah. Mhm.
I have one, One
daughter
girl, she's 11. Yeah,
she's
all online, yep.
They tried
to go back, they were back about eight days and then they said no we're going back online because they got an outbreak. Yeah.
I prefer her in but it actually, I'm lucky enough to have a husband who's working from home so I don't have to really worry about it too much.
it's
so sad.
What?
Yeah, Yeah, there was a girl, she doesn't work with me anymore, but she did and she was one that she never wanted to wear her mask. She didn't believe it all of these things and then we just found out her sister got it and her sister has diabetes asthma, A lot of like underlying conditions she was, they had to put her in a medically induced coma that she was on a ventilator for a week. Like they thought she had brain damage. She ended up now she's okay she's home. But that like it took that unfortunately for her to realize okay this is bad. Okay I need to follow these rules and it's sad it's so sad. But unfortunately some people they don't understand it until it actually affects them.
Yeah. You gotta
do what you gotta do sometimes. Yeah
he is a web master for a consulting firm so I don't even know exactly what he does. I don't know
it's
on
the computer
talking
to people
all day.
Yes. He's always fixing things that people mess up so.
Yeah he's all right. Yeah. Uh huh.
Are you married
Yeah I had my daughter very young. I was only 19 when I had her. So um I do split custody with her and her dad. So we're not together and married to Evan married to my husband for it'll be five years now. We've been together for like eight. Yeah
so
I mean everything works out so
yeah it's half and half so it's like we were when like Covid first started and over the summer we have a good relationship luckily for her. Um We're just doing every other week just switching. Um But now we do so I have her every Wednesday thursday he has every monday Tuesday and then we switch um uh friday saturday sunday every other week. So
yeah he lives just a couple towns over and wind out. So yeah.
she's been doing this since she was three so I think that since we we haven't been together for so long that it's just kind of something that she's used to and it's always been just pretty easy because everybody gets along very well luckily
I'm very lucky for that, so um it just it works out and she has two brothers that are at her dad's house, so
she does, yep,
is good,
I'm lucky for all that, so yeah
I have a lot a lot three dogs and a cat, so the dogs are all brothers and sisters, they're Australian shepherd, border collies, so yeah
and then I
have one cat that she doesn't really like the dogs too much, but I mean they get along enough so it's okay,
how about
you? Yeah. Oh yeah definitely. Do you have any pets?
So
now
you're
a foster failure?
Well.
How cute.
that's
You know man,
you like you like the animals around?
It's it's
I know.
There you go.
One of my friends has a pig. He has his own room and everything. Yeah. He's got pig and birds. So
all these crazy animals are awesome. I I couldn't go without having an animal like or multiple. So we're going to get like one dog when we got them. They're they're five now we're going to get one. And then I was like, well I want this one and my husband's like well I want this one. I'm like we're going to take a both. I used to foster before this for just like this rescue that was in Monroe. Um And I fostered like four or 5 dogs which ended up all getting adopted so that when our dogs became available and they were puppies, um we ended up like, yeah, we're we need them. We need all of them. So
And
then,
yes. And then we got our cat because our, oh, there's your cat. Uh
we got our cat because a stray cat had kittens in our garage at our old house in like the rafters. And our dogs kind of noticed them. And then that's how we notice them. And one day it was like raining and I saw the box, it was like an old box, my daughter's clothes that she had these kittens in. And I told my husband, I'm like, I'm bringing them in their coming in the house and they came in, we got them all adopted. I would except for one. And then we kept her. So yeah.
Her name's Maipo M E E P O. It's
from
a video game that we play. So
Another video game is Sora and Kyrie there from a game called Kingdom Hearts. And then our daughter named the last one. Which is biscuit. That's a girl named biscuit. So. Yeah.
That's how we got a biscuit.
Yeah. They're mad today because they had to have baths, so they're now they're mad at me.
And
one,
I
mean, so, one of our dogs, he he hates his nails trimmed. Like he I tried to trim them and he like, peed in my face when
I was trying to he was so scared. So I'm like, oh no, you have to go out to get to get these done.
I
try to do
that for like, their bath. And he still was like, no, I'm not doing this. Like,
we can't even touch his paws. And he's like, nope.
she likes we play a lot of video games, so she likes to play like Fortnite and all that stuff, and then she's really into art. Um So she draws a lot and she's starting to do some digital art because my husband does a lot of that, so that's like her big thing. Mhm.
Um Not really, mostly it's just on the phone or they do like the face Time where they talk to each other, so she's seen her cousin um because we're pretty close with them, so she's been around her since this all started. Um But yeah, nobody else, so, but it's okay, like she seems to be handling it pretty well. Um
She's talking to her friends like every single day, so I think that helps.
Um Probably just thanksgiving with family and my parents just moved to Allen Park, so we'll go over there for christmas Eve and Really? That's about it. How about you?
gosh.
It's not
worth the
risk.
Yeah. Yeah, it's gotta be,
I just started doing this actually, maybe two weeks, three weeks. My friend told me about it and I have some free time, so I just thought I'd sign up and start doing it. I'm like, oh, this is kind of neat. So yeah, I like it so far.
That's awesome.
there you go. If you have the free time, you know, and you just get out to get some water. Oh, there's a little study there. Let me do it real quick. Yeah,
that's
kind
of nice.
Yeah, I like
it.
I did user interviews, which was one. so I did like this focus group about diabetes in different diabetic websites, but that's the only one that I did besides prolific. Mhm.
It went by quick.
Yeah. You, too. We had a lot of the same views on things I think made it a lot easier to talk.
Well. I don't know. Maybe.
Yeah. You too. Good luck at your new job.
You too. Thanks.