SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Oh Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah the deficit. Mhm. It was mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh mm. Right thank you for your attention. Mhm. Yeah. What is it? Yeah. Yeah. Okay you can do that. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh I want to sure about that. That's fine. All right. It's like I was worried about you. Forget, yeah. You know what it's nice. Mhm. Uh huh That's true. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. People who think mhm exits. Yeah. Yeah just like you. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: Hello? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I can you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I can hear you. And you and me.
SPEAKER_R: Perfect.
SPEAKER_L: Oh closing bell on the stock market. Right on time. So your video is a little sluggish to me but I can hear you fine.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Um Your video and audio is perfect for me, so I'm not sure.
SPEAKER_L: Did you get any instruct? Because I know that people get different instructions. I did this once before and it was free form. Um I didn't I didn't see any instructions this time either so
SPEAKER_R: No, I think it any instructions just saying that I participate in the 25 minute conversation. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: What received swiss about or anything, so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So I guess this is just to be another 25 minute free form conversation. Oh, your video just dropped out. Yeah. Yeah, I
SPEAKER_R: I'm sure
SPEAKER_L: got this
SPEAKER_R: I can
SPEAKER_L: one. Okay. Kind of weird.
SPEAKER_R: I can see
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: seeing like a generic like icon of a person and then it's showing me that there's like a headphone things and whenever you speak it like, you know, shows that you're speaking. But the video is gone.
SPEAKER_R: That's weird. Yes. So I can see my video at the bottom left and also you in the mainframe.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I can see my my video on the bottom left. But uh I don't like I see it's upside down, but lab
SPEAKER_R: I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: maybe this is like their secret plan to like mess with us as we're talking to figure out what's really going on. Because I think what I did read is that they are studying like the natural flow of conversations so.
SPEAKER_R: then then very may well be something that they're trying to like test is on, but
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: mean, I don't know like do you do a lot of uh a lot of these kind of experiments on like prolific or anything else
SPEAKER_R: Um I do a lot of these experience on prolific. I have to do a lot of like website tests on website user testing, stuff like that,
SPEAKER_L: user testing dot com,
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: or just in general? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: me too. Uh and then I also like, and I'm the last conversation I had, we actually ended up talking about this a lot. I'm one of the kind of rare big proponents of amazon's mechanical turk.
SPEAKER_R: But I'm not too sure what that is.
SPEAKER_L: you're not familiar with that, wow.
SPEAKER_R: I'm not no.
SPEAKER_L: then maybe we that could be something we can talk about it, especially if like, if you're doing user testing and you're doing prolific, I imagine that you're the kind of person that's at least looking for some extra side money by doing online tasks.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's exactly what I'm looking for.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So I'm I've taken it to another level. Like I used to have, well, several careers, um, but have decided that I wanted to go off on my own and I I used to run a business. I don't like doing that anymore, because I don't like being restricted to very specific timelines and things like that. And,
SPEAKER_R: Makes sense.
SPEAKER_L: and I kind of gamed out like what would I be happy with money wise that replaces all of the time lost and all of the energy spent on things that I don't want to be doing, what I was making a lot more money and I started and this has been going on for for years. So I slowly started getting into things that I could do in my spare time or allocate my time whenever I wanted to and long time about one of the first things that I encountered was the amazon's mechanical turk and it's been around forever. Um it's a, the um, The original core 10et of it, which has changed because it's not actually the same anymore because it came out in 2005 And back in 2005, I joined in 2008. And what it was is that And it's hard to even think because if you think about only 15 years ago. how much has changed in the world of artificial intelligence? The ability to automate background tasks for websites and you know, and in in the early to mid two thousands, any kind of moderation, whether it's comment moderation, image moderation, all of those things had to be done by hand if you wanted it to be accurate. And that's that's no longer the case. Like 99% of that is now automated. It's all done by, you know, an ai that just looks for pornography or nudity or violence or whatever it might be. And
SPEAKER_R: First.
SPEAKER_L: no humans actually interact with that. Like when when being filters out information, it's all done by an algorithm. But back back at that time, those were tasks that were just too hard for a computer to do and too much for a single employee to do. Like if amazon wanted to uh kind of monitor their user submitted images for products, they would have to have, you know, hundreds and hundreds of employees spending their entire day just looking through those images.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Of course. There's just too much to filter through.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, Yeah, it's huge. So what they did is they created, it's called human intelligence tasks or hits for amazon mechanical turk. And a lot of that started off as, you know, You get paid five cents just to look over to see if there's a spelling mistake in a receipt, you get paid 10 cents to um go through a series of 10 images to see whether there's nudity. Uh and they these would be bulked produced and you could do as many as you wanted whenever you wanted. And then it slowly changed where like more and more university started adding their experiments and surveys into it, including including research into artificial intelligence. And it just over the, over the years that kind of sprawled out into all of these different types of tasks that could be done and a lot of people were turned off by it because if you, you don't know what you're doing, it can really seem like a waste of time. Like you're doing something where you're making like a dollar an hour. Uh and you're doing like really bad work. You know, you're sitting there looking at image after image after image after image, you know, and you're, you calculate how much money you're making, you're making a dollar an hour. That's terrible. You know, where you know, somebody in, you know, cashmere or Bangladesh, that they'd be, they'd be willing to do that and it was kind of, it was essentially, I believe, originally only open I think to the United States and India and then it was like the United States India in in Canada and then over, over the years, it just kind of spread out to where I now believe it's open all over the world and anybody can sign up for it. So you're going to get like different tasks that people are like some tasks are bound like you have to be in the United States do it, other tasks are bound,
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: you have to be in Germany to do it or whatever it might be. And the, not just the quality of the kind of tasks have changed, but just like um the entire, almost subculture has changed to where people have written scripts to modify the structure of the web page itself to become more functional. Like for instance, I run a program that scans through the existing tasks and then pings a database that checks to see who's done those tasks already. Who also you know you willingly belongs to this database and it it generates an average hourly rate for that task. Uh It allows you to access notes that people have about the task like hey don't do work for, this person will reject you. Um You know, I've I've done 20 of these tasks and 10 of them, you know got rejected. So once you start adding in those utilities you can start increasing. Just just that change of learning how to use the scripts between a person who doesn't use scripts and a person who does use scripts utterly changes how much money you're going to make. Yeah. And then other things like learning how to use hot keys instead of um doing everything by the mouse. Uh like even if you, you know like a, you know the Qualtrics survey that uh we're going to do when this is finished, like just being quick at having your hand on tab and space and things like that to zoom through the questions if like a long time ago I wrote an article about a certain type of task and it was um it took what seemed like a really bad task. It was like an image filtering task. The person who created the task didn't didn't have any sort of design aesthetics that were a bad programmer. So if you looked at and try to accomplish the task based on the way that it was designed, It would you'd make about $2 an hour. So just by learning somebody else wrote a script for eventually, but learning how to reform at the page so that you're using a custom style sheet and some custom javascript, It restructured the page tour. Instead of making $2 an hour, you're making $10 an hour just from a physical structure in the page. And, and, and that's just one of the tricks that you can learn to start increasing uh the amount of money that you're making. Uh and and also limiting making it easier to use clever and lazy is the, is the way to go.
SPEAKER_R: of course. So, so this amazon mechanical to is it is similar to prolific and that there's a bunch of universities or cut surveys that are put on the website and then you have to complete those in order to get paid, right.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, definitely. And a lot of the same universities will like, I've only, I've only actually accounted a handful of times where the exact same survey appears on, you know like, you know, stanford might have a survey on prolific. You just showed up again, I can see you again. Uh
SPEAKER_R: All right.
SPEAKER_L: And then stanford might also like stanford, one of the labs at stanford has their own website that you can do studies for. They
SPEAKER_R: Come back.
SPEAKER_L: do studies through amazon and they do studies prolific and very rarely do I see kind of an interaction Between the three of them. And oddly enough, the best paying ones are from stanford themselves, but for whatever reason, they're also the most rare. Like I might get one or two emails a month from Stanford saying, Hey, we got a, you know, $15 um You know, uh, test for, you know, online social interaction for 10 minutes And $15 for 10 minutes. Great pay.
SPEAKER_R: That's great. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah. And and the only thing with them is that they pay in amazon credit. Like you get, you get you get a virtual gift card.
SPEAKER_R: Like an amazon gift card. Hmm,
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: interesting.
SPEAKER_L: prolific. I like prolific has a lot of advantages in the sense that they have much better support. Um, Amazon's technical support is practically non existent for, for people who do the work. Um prolific. It has a better like it has built in like what you can expect to get paid for, how much time you're going to spend. And there they don't really have the kind of easy rejection system that amazon has, it's like, it's very easy for a person to screw you over where you do a bunch of work for
SPEAKER_R: If,
SPEAKER_L: them, they just reject it and there's nothing you can do about it. Uh prolific doesn't really have that much. I think I I think I was rejected once on prolific and when I contacted them, they reversed it and paid me anyway.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Yeah, prolific season with that they say that you have to do well in order to not get rejected by, I've never got rejected. Even if my responses weren't like the best or I can put too much effort into, but it's pretty awesome. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I've never never and well the few problems that I've had, some of the technical, like I said, I think I was rejected once. Um you know, I've been screened out a couple of times and I just write up, you know, hey, this is what happened, I was screened out. Um But for the most part, like any time that I've contacted him, they got back to me pretty quickly and they were like, look, you know, we looked through what you did, you know, not a problem, you're going to get paid. Um And even including ones where like I had gone through and had gotten screened out like through the middle and it wasn't like I would argue, I was like, well I wasn't screened out because I answered something incorrectly.
SPEAKER_R: Or
SPEAKER_L: I was screened out for some other reason within the survey that they should have taken care of at the beginning, like, hey, you're not married, why are you still taking this survey? Um So yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And they were able to go ahead.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, Yeah, I know I was going to say like prolific as the downside of prolific is that um it's you don't get that much work like, you know,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: agree.
SPEAKER_L: you know, and one of the things that I kind of like about amazon more than like the study wise did the same when it comes to these surveys, where you go through basic tests and um their experiments that are based on decision making. Uh I took psychology in college, so like I already have an interest in a lot of these kind of like psychology based surveys. Um One of the things that prolific doesn't do that amazon does do is students at universities that create their own actual experiments where it's not just something you're putting through a survey, uh like experiments in, you know, rendering out three D models are trying to like outguess and artificial intelligence in, you know, while giving limited information and they write their own software to do that that will show up in amazon. Whereas prolific is almost exclusively just survey based and also, but I would say I would say that like if you like doing prolific and you just wanted to do the same thing that you do as prolific, getting an account on amazon will more than double how many you can do. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: It's like there's a lot of tests on amazon, the mechanical Turks. I'll definitely check it out. Um How we've been doing it are using websites like this.
SPEAKER_L: wow. So I was doing it like doing this kind of stuff part time. Um like I said, I think I got my first account in 2008, uh and it was like just a real, just kind of side gig habit that any time I heard about something that was like amazon or um I think I've been on prolific for 2.5, 3 years now, um or user testing, but on user testing for a handful of years and then I belong to a lot of other different types of websites like that, whether it's, you know, typing or recording audio or correcting people's correcting people's speeches or so, all of these different things I have, I belong to so many of them that I just get kind of flooded with email and I just pick and choose which things that I want to do. Um, and you know, sometimes, you know, sometimes I like, I might belong to a certain beta testing site that I might only get two or three emails a year from them. But when I do, it'll be like, hey, we'll pay you $250 to run this software on your computer for a week and then give us right up at the end, you know what you thought of it, what you used it for and whatever And and like I mean there was this one week I got I got paid $170 to play a video game For one hour a day, for five days.
SPEAKER_R: Fantastic.
SPEAKER_L: It was 100 yeah, I got to play a video game for an hour a day. And and coincidentally at the very same time that I was doing that beta test, I got paid I think it was $100 or something uh to run a game specific background virus scanner. And it was like it was not just a virus scanner, but it was also focusing on limiting your other resources to increase how much is being, you know how much memory, how much processor is being spent on the game. So it's like I I was doing two things from two different companies that were related to each other that resulted in less than a week. Making you know, almost $300 For
SPEAKER_R: That's wonderful.
SPEAKER_L: for literally it was probably a total of five or 6 hours worth of work. So yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That big.
SPEAKER_L: You know And
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I've been
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: doing
SPEAKER_L: do you
SPEAKER_R: lot
SPEAKER_L: think?
SPEAKER_R: of freelance work. I've been doing a lot of freelance work as well. Um So
SPEAKER_L: What kind
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: of freelance?
SPEAKER_R: you um do you know what ref is by any chance?
SPEAKER_L: That's a transcription. Okay,
SPEAKER_R: that's like we're all my money comes from, or
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: like side money comes from, but it's just like an easy way to, especially when you have free time, Easy way to just earn cash. Side cash.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I've I've looked at reviews for things like rev and I you know related like Lion Bridge is another one. And I think Lyon Bridges like mostly sorting results for google. Um But there are there's something similar to rev but I don't know I just for a while I was doing transcription and I think I heard about rev around the time that I was like, man I just transcription is not really my thing. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: It's pretty hard. It's really tedious. Really. Yes. Well,
SPEAKER_L: I mean do you make decent money on it?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I make a decent amount of money probably around 100 weeks. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And is it like what would you say? How many hours is that? 100 a week? 10.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Probably 10 around. So it's not
SPEAKER_L: So.
SPEAKER_R: like the best, but like I can do it whenever I want. So that's what best then
SPEAKER_L: Is
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: getting
SPEAKER_L: joke
SPEAKER_R: ready. Go ahead.
SPEAKER_L: is it like our jobs always available? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: They're usually
SPEAKER_L: So that's
SPEAKER_R: always up.
SPEAKER_L: that that might even be something I would look into because like I do have a few of those things, there's um crowd surf work is another transcription based job. And the only reason why I keep my account with that and pay attention to it is because when you do you get paid per task. So it'll be like 15 cents per task. Like they love a batch of 40,015 cents per task. And then if you do a certain amount, you'll get bonuses. So and then the second part of that is they pay you the very next day. So
SPEAKER_R: That's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: it's the kind of thing. It's very rare that I actually need it. But if I know like, okay, I got this bill coming up, $12 away from the bill. My other money isn't coming into like, you know, like it's going to take three days to get money coming in from amazon my user testing. I'm gonna get paid in a week. Uh, It's one of those things and it's like in a clutch move if I need to spend four hours to make that $12 because it's usually pretty bad money. Um but yeah, I'll just do, you know, uh, sit in an evening. Like, all right, I'm gonna just Do it until I hit $12 because I know tomorrow $12 will be in my bank account. Um, so there are things like that and it's, that might be kind of put me off of things of things like rev. Um but I mean, you know, some people have some idea that they'll use something like fiber. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, fibers. Another thing that comes into that just, I didn't really have anything that I can do with it, so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, well I'm an artist for example, and for a while I was doing sketches for people, you know, it was like, just give me an idea, Sonya sketch and it just, it's just, I like to draw, I didn't like doing that, I got to the point where it was like, I was making myself angry about drawing, like I'd rather just, you know, go sit outside and draw for myself, not make any money off of it or work on a painting and make some real money off of it Rather than, you know, making $4 off of, you know, some sketch for somebody that's like some goofy drawing that I don't even want to be doing. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that makes complete sense,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so I never really, yeah, fiber was not my thing. Um some of the other ones, like some of the bigger tasks I probably would have been really into them had it been 10 years ago, but like, you know, up work and freelancer and all of these jobs that require, you know, like freelancer, I think it's my freelancer account, They used to send me tests all the time, like, hey, we need you to go and it was really good money, You know, we're paying $50 an hour to go install televisions at a BW three bar. And it's like, you know, it's an on site task, you get there, you call call up freelancer, you submit a ticket, you know, you pretty much tell them that you're a subcontractor for whatever business is providing it and and every job is different like that. But that was another thing because it's every job is different, You really have to like um You know, 15, a little over 15 years ago I worked at an Internet service provider, was a network engineer. And uh I had all of this stuff like I had co ax cable, Cat five, all that kind of stuff. Um you know, a ladder if I needed it and all that kind of so freelance work, especially if you're doing tech work, you kind of have all that at the ready. Whereas I was like, I don't, I don't want to have that. That that brings me back closer to the kind of work that I left.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, That makes sense. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You know, truth be told. I want to buy land in the middle of nowhere and grow hot peppers and make hot sauce. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: That's okay. Hey,
SPEAKER_L: That's like
SPEAKER_R: if you
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: like it in life,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, that's my goal is because, I mean I already do it. Like I grow peppers and ferment peppers and make my own hot sauces and things like that. And it's been one of the things that throughout the years, my friends, like I go to a barbecue or you know, and I give a christmas present, like, hey, here's a bottle of hot sauce that I made. You know, people and people are like, man, I would, I would buy this if you, if you kept missing it. It's like, okay, well, I don't know, maybe, maybe one day that will become a thing. Uh
SPEAKER_R: It sounds awesome. Maybe just save up a lot of money and then you can do it on your own.
SPEAKER_L: well that's, that's kind of the thing is that I want, I don't know if you ever watched like the, you know, the people on Youtube that like build their own houses and you know, make
SPEAKER_R: I have.
SPEAKER_L: tiny homes and um I'm into all that. So I want to do it to where it's like, I pay for a really cheap piece of land that nobody else wants because it's in the middle of nowhere, It's uneven ground, shitty soil and say, okay, I'm gonna turn this into something really cool. I'd rather be spending all my time on that than, you know, I've had multiple jobs and I've hated them all regardless of whether I liked what I was doing. You know, I like programming. I grew up in an industry that dealt with physical security. I like that industry, but I don't like having to wake up at the same time every day. I don't like having customers that treat me like I work for them because I'm performing a service for them that they can't perform themselves.
SPEAKER_R: Each.
SPEAKER_L: It's like, look buddy, I don't work for you. You paid me to do something, I'm going to do it.
SPEAKER_R: but I
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: want
SPEAKER_L: get,
SPEAKER_R: to treat Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: you don't get to yell at me and tell me I'm doing something wrong when I'm doing exactly what you wanted. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: I just, I can't stand it. I don't like having a boss, so I'm stubborn and I don't like, even in self employment kind of work, like when I ran a business, things like that is, is that demands by customers? Either you acquiesce to them or it becomes a risk of having it to become a legal battle. Like I wrote a piece of software for someone once and their business collapsed because of things that had nothing to do with the software that I wrote. It had to do with some presentations that they were giving because they were trying to get, you know, angel investors to invest in the company and all that. And it just wasn't working out whoever was invested. And I don't, like I told him, I was like, it's not my job to make your product better in the sense of what your idea is. I'm doing it to the specifications of what you gave me, that's what you paid me to do. You didn't pay
SPEAKER_R: Fair.
SPEAKER_L: me, you didn't pay me to act as a business consultant, which I told him I was like I'd be more than happy to do that, but you're gonna pay me for that different, different concepts. So it luckily didn't turn into a legal battle. Um But like I said, it got to the point where I had they this person managed to successfully get google to go through my Gmail account and delete all of my interactions with this person because they used a non disclosure agreement that I didn't even have with him, But he had a working nondisclosure agreement with the company that he worked for, get his own business and he worked for another like, you know, Fortune 500 company. And he tried to argue, well, she successfully did with google. He argued that by me responding to his work email, I was bound by his nondisclosure agreement. It's ridiculous. And I'm confident, yeah, he contacted Paypal and got them to retroactively remove payments that he had made to me so luckily because I'm a stubborn bastard, I keep offline copies of everything that I do and submitted it in all the papal to show them. Here's the contract, here's the work that I did. Here's his claim of non disclosure that has absolutely nothing to do with my company but a third party company that he works for. So luckily Paypal contacted him and told him to pound sand and that he would have to like use legal representation before they would re reverse. Like they ended up paying me back all of the money and then said like, yeah, you're gonna have to sue us if you want to. So,
SPEAKER_R: I mean, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: and that's the kind of stuff that it's like, here I am blasting my ass developing something for somebody to the specifications that they wanted. And he just turned it into something where it could have like cost me thousands of dollars. Because it was like, I woke up and saw that like my paypal account was in the red by thousands of dollars. Like what the hell. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: 17. Thanks. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So yeah, I mean that kind of like, and it's and it's experiences like that that just made it to do it. Like, you know what, I want to go like start a little hobby farm, you know, learn how to make cheese, make my hot sauce. Mhm. That's about it.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. That's fair.
SPEAKER_L: Do you have like a normal job you're working or
SPEAKER_R: No, since
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: freelancing?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, three months and I'm getting ready to go into my first year of college, so I'm just doing freelance on the side. Just help out.
SPEAKER_L: What, what are you interested in college wise,
SPEAKER_R: Um I'm going to study Economics and computer science and the goal is to become a lawyer. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: interesting. And that's probably going to make you a ton of money.
SPEAKER_R: Hopefully.
SPEAKER_L: You know the the my um one of my cousins went kind of a route like that and uh he studied economics uh and then went to law school and now he is an intellectual property lawyer and he makes a ridiculous amount of money. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. What I want to do, that's precisely what to do.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. He even last time I saw him he told me he was like you know I don't ever see the courtroom. Um I rarely have to interact with the clients other than like you know talking on the phone. You know they email the, email me all of the information and I do the legal research um And I write my documentation and like I get bunches of zeros appearing in my bank account. Oh so yeah more power to you for that kind of thing. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: You know that there's a lot of lawyers in my family so I understand the appeal. Uh You know they all made a lot of money made and make a lot of money. Like my grandfather was a lawyer, my great uncle was a lawyer, my uncle, one
SPEAKER_R: Different,
SPEAKER_L: of my uncles was a lawyer, my cousins lawyer. Um Yeah I was uh had I gone to law school, I would have been like a third or was a third or fourth generation legacy student at case Western Reserve or case law um because they all went there. Um and it was like pretty much they're like yeah if you wanted to go to law school you could get in, your
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: family has been paying us money for over 100 years, so. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, but
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: that wasn't actually my uh my original goal when I went to college is that I wanted to be, I wanted to study computer science and neuroscience. Um I thought I was going to become some big like you know brain doctor slash uh neuroscientists, master doctor, you know that would you know study all of the weird eccentricities of the human brain and try to model that kind of thing. And I found that it was just another one of these things that you know, here I am taking courses in psychology, like I took all of the stem courses, I didn't go just like the soft round and take all liberal arts classes. I was thinking I was like okay I'm gonna take neuroscience because I also want to go to medical school afterwards and the more that I did it, the more that I realized that it just, it would suck the life out of me that you know, so much especially the areas of like neuroscience and cognitive science, that there is such a kind of like fan boyish academia that you get sucked into this subculture that you know, it's kind of like being a rock star, you have a it's very it will be very easy for you to make money, but very hard for you to ever actually make it make it, you know, like being one of the people that gets your book sold or get your own laboratory at a university or whatever, you know, most people are going to spend their lives working for someone else, never truly getting to explore their own ideas unless they break through um
SPEAKER_R: That's fair. It's problematic to feel so sorry.
SPEAKER_L: You know what's what's the new, the newer areas like you know, like biomechanics, bio mechatronics and all that kind of stuff that I mean that crossover is becoming, I mean everybody and their mother wants to be a data scientist. Now, everybody, I mean, granted artificial intelligence is literally like the biggest, you know, field because automation, artificial intelligence is taking over every area of life. Um But you know, I've studied enough data science and you know, dealing with big numbers and things like that just on my own. Um you know, one of the, one of the higher paying like, and this could be an area that you might even decide in college, like rather than pursuing the lawyer route or in addition to if you wanted to be really crazy uh is becoming an actuary because those dudes make a ton of money. Mhm. You know, But that's the thing is that becoming a real unlike, you know, generic, hey, I'm a data science and data scientists, I work at google when in reality it's okay or whatever you, you play with, you know, large numbers and you like javascript and python. Okay good. Um actuaries actually get you know, get their asses kicked trying to become actuaries and even afterwards like You know you got these people who go through this like 10 years of studying,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: you could jam it all into like two years if you wanted to But there are probably you know, probably .001% of the population would successfully be able to do that. Uh Because it's like you have to understand finance, you have to understand computer programming. You have to understand you know, both macro and micro economics. You have to understand law as well as it applies to you know, economics and all of the different laws that apply to how things have to be done and for insurance policies and underwriting and health insurance and all all of these different things all together just to become an actuary. But eventually you get rewarded with it by making like $750,000 a year plus bonuses, you know? So well, it's just a thought like if the financial angle of it is part of what interests you in becoming a lawyer, uh an actuary might be another avenue.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, that one was into, but yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I don't, I don't know, have you ever checked it out? Just asking.
SPEAKER_R: I've never have thought I'll definitely check
SPEAKER_L: Actually,
SPEAKER_R: it on.
SPEAKER_L: the actuaries are kind of like um, almost like the unicorns of economics because there there's a, in a, in a basic sense, they tend to be because they're the kind of cornerstone that all risk management people, whether it's insurance companies or businesses looking to model their, you know, what, where their profits and losses are. The actuaries are the ones that do that, accountants look at all of what you've done. Actuaries predict how, what you have done will work into what you want to do into the future and what your risks are and doing such. So like when When you have to pay say $250 every six months for your auto insurance, there are actuaries that there are their entire life is wrapped around on like how much should X. Y. And Z. People spend on their auto insurance and what's going to make, what number is going to make this insurance company profitable. So because they are literally the cornerstone that a lot of these businesses rely on on making money there, you know treated really well.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I'm all 100% look into that. It seems really interesting. Um but I do have like a college meeting that I have to go to, I think we're well over 25 minutes, so yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Great. It was fun talking to you
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I'm talking to you too.
SPEAKER_L: all right, take care.