Hello?
I can you hear me?
Perfect.
Okay. Um Your video and audio is perfect for me, so I'm not sure.
No, I think it any instructions just saying that I participate in the 25 minute conversation. Um
What received swiss about or anything, so
I'm sure
I can
I can see
it.
That's weird. Yes. So I can see my video at the bottom left and also you in the mainframe.
I don't know.
then then very may well be something that they're trying to like test is on, but
I don't know.
Um I do a lot of these experience on prolific. I have to do a lot of like website tests on website user testing, stuff like that,
but
Mhm.
But I'm not too sure what that is.
I'm not no.
Yeah, that's exactly what I'm looking for.
Makes sense.
First.
Yeah. Of course. There's just too much to filter through.
Thank you.
of course. So, so this amazon mechanical to is it is similar to prolific and that there's a bunch of universities or cut surveys that are put on the website and then you have to complete those in order to get paid, right.
All right.
Come back.
That's great. Yeah.
Like an amazon gift card. Hmm,
interesting.
If,
Uh huh. Yeah, prolific season with that they say that you have to do well in order to not get rejected by, I've never got rejected. Even if my responses weren't like the best or I can put too much effort into, but it's pretty awesome. Okay.
Or
And they were able to go ahead.
I
agree.
It's like there's a lot of tests on amazon, the mechanical Turks. I'll definitely check it out. Um How we've been doing it are using websites like this.
Fantastic.
That's wonderful.
That big.
Okay. I've been
doing
lot
of freelance work. I've been doing a lot of freelance work as well. Um So
like
you um do you know what ref is by any chance?
that's like we're all my money comes from, or
like side money comes from, but it's just like an easy way to, especially when you have free time, Easy way to just earn cash. Side cash.
It's pretty hard. It's really tedious. Really. Yes. Well,
Yeah, I make a decent amount of money probably around 100 weeks. Yeah.
Okay. Probably 10 around. So it's not
like the best, but like I can do it whenever I want. So that's what best then
and
I'm
getting
ready. Go ahead.
They're usually
always up.
That's awesome.
Yeah, fibers. Another thing that comes into that just, I didn't really have anything that I can do with it, so.
Yeah, that makes complete sense,
Yeah, That makes sense. Yeah.
That's okay. Hey,
if you
like it in life,
It sounds awesome. Maybe just save up a lot of money and then you can do it on your own.
I have.
Each.
but I
don't
want
to treat Mhm.
Thank you.
Fair.
I mean, yeah.
17. Thanks. Yeah.
Okay. That's fair.
No, since
I'm
yeah, three months and I'm getting ready to go into my first year of college, so I'm just doing freelance on the side. Just help out.
Um I'm going to study Economics and computer science and the goal is to become a lawyer. Yeah,
Hopefully.
Yeah. What I want to do, that's precisely what to do.
Yeah. Thank you.
Different,
Uh huh. Uh huh.
Right.
Okay.
That's fair. It's problematic to feel so sorry.
What?
yeah, that one was into, but yeah,
I've never have thought I'll definitely check
it on.
Yeah. Yeah, I'm all 100% look into that. It seems really interesting. Um but I do have like a college meeting that I have to go to, I think we're well over 25 minutes, so yeah,
yeah, I'm talking to you too.