Yeah, okay, that was great, yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay, wow. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, Mhm, Mhm, Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah, Mr yeah, Mhm, mm hmm. Yeah. Oh, Mhm. All right, okay, okay. What you do? Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Children and pregnant women, yeah, and yeah. Okay, good idea, thank you. Mhm. Mhm. Sorry, Yeah, that you think about it if you get this, Yeah, Okay. Yeah.
Hi morning,
I'm good,
How about you?
you're
you're out in the wild?
I'm
in California,
I'm in the far
northern
part of California, near the Oregon border where all the wildfires were terrible recently. Yeah.
they are
they are not
under
control
completely, but they are not as bad as they were, there's one that's a
million
acres
some point south of us, which is still going, but you know with fires, people say
don't put them out,
but they never put them out, they just kind of put them in a big contained circle and then they keep burning in
the middle so it's probably about a little more than half contained and it's still burning but there are always wildfires burning apparently but it just depends on how bad.
Yeah. No it's
it's not uncommon because once they start their in mountainous terrain or you know forests that are very thick it's it's very difficult
for the firefighters to get to them. But the place where we live is one of the most dangerous places. One of the worst places because there are so many trees it's just there are more many more trees than people. So yeah so by the way my name is Sherry.
to meet you Phyllis.
I'm
not in
I'm in
a tiny tiny little town called Y rica. There's
only 8000 people in this town. It's a gold rush town. It uh yeah it was really popular when lum when lumber harvesting was a big deal but they've curtailed that so there really isn't much going on here anymore. Um Yeah it would have been the capital
if northern California. Southern California had been split apart. Apparently. I'm not from here though, I'm actually from pennsylvania. And Yeah
well it's a long story but I was born in Pennsylvania and lived there until I was 20 two, I can't remember. And then
I moved to California with my boyfriend at the time, this was back in 1988.
So a long time ago and then I lived in California
for
a year with him And then we moved to Japan for 23 years and then we came back and
then we came back to California and we didn't live here at first we lived in the bay area at first we came here about five years ago. So yeah, it's a lot. So
you think so
you can't drive 56. You're actually the person closest to my age that I've spoken to, the uh the third one. Oh
So
chat partners?
Yeah, that's
where we lived for about 3.5 years before we moved up here.
It
is
they
call themselves
northern California but they're actually, if you cut the state
in half
in the center there to the north of the middle which they think makes the northern, but where we are is actually northern. Yeah. So yeah,
we
are really north were so
north, we're almost at Oregon. So yeah.
Oh so you have never
been outside
of texas?
I see.
It was awesome. I miss
it
all the
time.
Yeah. Yeah it was really good. I mean we lived there so it wasn't the same as just tourists because tourists the only the good parts we saw the whole spectrum over 23 years. But yeah there were many, many good things about
it,
a lot of good cultural things and their society is very different than ours in ways that are fairly beneficial especially
um their culture is all about people doing what's best for their group rather than doing what's best for themselves.
And yeah,
and
and they yeah
and they are very placid and peaceful compared to americans. Americans emotional range. I've actually read a study at one point which says that the emotional range of Western people, if you put it on numbers to be 1 to 10 we get really sad, we get really angry really happy. But japanese people are actually kind of more in the middle. They don't get as happy as sad or as angry. They're more kind of in the middle. They don't really have that same strong range.
Well
they're taught that only Children express their emotions without control and that if you are an adult, you're expected to not not suppress all your feelings or anything, but just not not act really mad if you're upset
or
yet
to keep yourself. They don't even actually get that mad. See that's the funny thing about it. We see it as well, you know, suppression and as you say, suck it up. But for them they just don't feel it that strongly because after years of kind of being in that zone, it's just natural for them. They're not,
they're not repressing anything, which is why they're so easy to live around because the, the energy they give off is very level. Whereas in America it's really up and down with people. Yeah.
No,
no,
it's rare.
it
is.
I,
you know,
I
I really miss that part the most. And also they're they're not
as attached
to more kind of trivial external ways of identifying themselves because you get americans
that are like I'm a sports fan of this team or I like this beer or this soda or I'm this political party or I have these tattoos or whatever. The people
have
all these things outside of themselves where
japanese identity is more kind of inside these
qualities of my character make me japanese. So they feel very sure of who they are. They're not easily threatened by people who are different in that way because they just feel comfortable
and they all feel like they have a similarity. They're all, you know. Yeah.
and
americans
don't.
I
studied
sociology
and one of the things is is there these two things called Con Joint and destroyed? Agency destroyed agency means that you every man for himself, you were responsible for yourself. And you know that you have to make your own way in the world. And that's an american
thing that almost
no other country has. And I think it's because of how we settled the country. We sent people
across the country with no help from the government and said if you farmed this land or if you find some business, this land is yours. But it's all on you. There weren't enough people to have a strong support network. And so I think our history
is kind of pushed just towards this dis joint agency. Whereas other cultures, they kind of are more evolved around a central civilization in a way that they have what's called con joint agency, which is everybody is responsible for the well being of everybody else. So, and yeah, I think
that's why we're different because we're a young country relative to other countries to Yeah, Yeah.
So I wish it was a little more pushed along in America because I think everybody would be happier. But it is what it is.
No,
now,
it's almost I mean, it's not a utopia, there's more racism there there. They I
mean,
it's not the kind of violent racism that there is here, but it's kind of more structural. Like when we were there, when we first tried to get an apartment, you have to go to real estate agencies to get apartments there. They have an agent who contacts who the landlord acts. You know, the real estate agency is a central point for all landlords, even private ones to find housing. But when we went there, they would have had a sign in there and it said no foreigners, no pets and no prostitutes, which means you can't get an apartment with us if you're foreign or have
I mean we were lumped in with prostitutes as undesirables. Now it's a little better after we were there for a while, but there were still lots of discrimination and
we weren't treated fairly in the workplace.
but they're kind about it, they're polite about
it, but but they definitely don't have as much evolution, but they're also not as angry about foreigners being around. For the most part that we did have some bad experiences. A lot of the things, yeah, people would follow us around in stores seeing if we were going to steal things. And um I was attacked once while riding my bicycle.
Well
we
just shoved off the bike but still yeah
just
for and they can't tell
the difference. I
mean they look I mean it's kind of like we can't
tell
by just looking at someone's face, the chinese or korean or yeah
they can't tell if I'm from french. I was told I was french before or or from
I
don't know what that would
be.
I
don't know. I
don't know what french would be. I have no french background as far as I know I don't do those kind of genealogical things.
Maybe
it's really blown
looking
now but it used to be strawberry blonde whereas much redder when I was in japan. So um so yeah they
can't help.
I thought maybe it was my nose and made
them think I was from the U. K. Or something,
pardon?
they can't
tell so I think they actually like americans a lot though. That's the funny thing that people in general like us but they like us the way they like a french poodle they like us in a pet like way. Oh how cute you are. Look you're trying to speak japanese and you know there's actually a cultural thing called Nihon jin Ron where they have this sense of all of their aspects of culture or superior two other aspects in other cultures. So any time you do something they treat you like a toddler and they pat you on the head like oh
look you're using chopsticks it's so good.
and they mean it kindly but it comes from a place of of racism and they don't know they don't they don't have any developed
sense of that so you just kind of get used to it and you deal with it. But it's a good example of what it's like
to live
as a minority,
which we don't get if we're white in America. Yeah.
So that
was a good perspective. So, So yeah.
Well,
my husband,
my husband,
my husband, I met in a strange way and I feel weird because I'm doing so much talking and I never do. But you're asking me
questions
so
I could
answer them.
no,
no,
no,
that's
But
my,
I met my husband as a pen pal back in 1987. An actual pen pal with no internet at the time. Of course, because yeah.
And I fell in love with him after like two exchanges and then he fell in love with me after more exchanges. And then we, we got
into a long
distance relationship because he had just graduated college and got a contract to work in Japan. So we ran this long distance relationship internationally at the beginning without having met each other. And then Finally after like 10 months between the two of us, we raised enough money for me to travel to Japan and for us to actually meet for the first time. So sight, I've never seen
him, but I'd hurt
no,
but
I heard
from it. We talked on cassette tapes though and said to each other cassette tapes. So the cassettes, um,
well yeah, I knew
his voice and his personality and he sent me a video before he left as well. And so,
um, I finally met him and,
and then
we stayed for a month together and it was really good. So that was my first introduction to Japan and he knew what it was like to work there as a teacher in english teacher. And back in those days not so many people were doing it as they do now. And so after he came back and I moved to California. Um we lived there for about a year and things economically are hard because the bay Area is super expensive. And even together we really weren't making enough money. So we decided we'd both go to Japan and we did, I was a teacher for some of the time and some of the time I was writing and editing textbooks, um and doing a page layout and graphics for the textbooks for a correspondence company. And he was always a teacher. So after 27 years of that he wanted to have a career change and become a therapist. So we came back to America so he could go to grad school and now he's a licensed therapist. So that's what's happening now. So now I'm a homemaker and he's actually working in the next room because
he's working from home. The pandemic.
it's good though. I mean we're used to being only with each other because in Japan we were sort of in this bubble of foreignness, were isolated and we're used to living in a small space together and we've never had any trouble even from the first moment of meeting each other. Living together was just the most natural thing for us. So
it
is, well, I think we're true soul mates, you know, I know it's not speech
today, but
it's too bad.
It's,
I think it's something that's brought to the table in their brains and their genes. I think sometimes because my husband is one of three Children and it's the thing, he's nothing really like his siblings as well.
well it
was
it's a really difficult job now, which is why I'm not doing it anymore
in America because the demand for that has dropped enormously. There's still lots of publishing, but people are doing it for lower rates in countries that are developing. But I uh I saw an added for a job. I actually talked for 10 years and then I got sick. I had to get my gall bladder taken out. I had surgery twice in Japan which was an interesting experience to and
they are different. So um,
but there was, I was sick for about a year after the surgery after removing the gallbladder and I had to go back to work because we needed to make more money because that was the whole point being in Japan in the beginning and there was an ad for a temporary job for a company that did correspondence lessons. And initially all it was was similar to what we're doing now without the video, which is chatting with people and on the phone. So I would correct the homework they mailed in and I would talk to them for five minutes, six times on the phone. But as I say, there longer, there was, there was a busy season and kind of a dead time and during the dead time they wanted the teachers to work on creating materials for the correspondence courses. So over the years I taught
myself
to use Photoshop and in design and illustrator, um, and learned how to do layout. And I always was a good writer. I mean after growing up because I started Having many, many pen pals when I was 12 years old and
well
I was a fan of, you know Kiss the rock
group, Kiss.
But back then I was a huge fan of Kiss, but I was in a rural area and I couldn't really talk to enough people. So I went,
yeah, well, rural pennsylvania in the, in the western part, about two hours north of Pittsburgh. And I had all these people in the back of magazines that wanted pen pals. So I started writing to them at some point. I had like 20
of them and it was just, I was always right,
so writing was easy for me and the other part I learned over time and it was good. I'm really happy with those skills. And I wrote my own book about how my husband and I met and how things turned out.
so if you're interested, it's called The Last long distance relationship and it's on amazon,
if you're interested, but if you're not, that's fine too, but just I did right.
But but yes, I got into it because the job evolved into it over time because there are a small company and they wanted to maximize their resources and I just happened to be willing to learn those things. In fact, I kind of pulled them along when I started doing it. It was so long ago we would type up all of the text on a typewriter and we would steal pictures from Newsweek and Time and we would paste it all down on it april
and then they take
a picture of it for the book, so that's where it started.
And I'm like, I really hate this, I'm
bad at making it even. So I started to use what was called Page Maker at the time and do layout myself. And and they resisted because there's no we're old fashioned and we want the homemade touch and like oh but it looks so bad and finally they went along with it so so that's how I
I
well
they
would have gone
out
of business
if they hadn't changed. Yeah. Yeah.
No I I hope they're glad they did. But that was that was ages ago now for me. So yeah. So yeah.
So so you said that you know you you've lived in texas all your life. So are you working or are you a homemaker?
Right. It's
very
difficult.
Oh I love
mail carriers.
They made my relationship
with my husband happened
and then
the U. S.
Postal service never
lost one piece of mail. We sent hundreds and hundreds. Yeah.
Absolutely.
You have.
You know.
It's ironic
because everybody thought when email happened that letters would stop and they would not need the post office anywhere and then they needed more.
it
is.
Absolutely.
the main
problem is as someone who lives in a rural area now in a rural area before it's not profitable to service rural areas. That's why the postal
service is the only service that will deliver anything to rural areas on a regular and
they need it more than anyone because they're more isolated and yeah
it's
super important.
Even
if they operated a loss I don't care I'll pay the taxes doesn't bother me because it's too important for areas that are outside of urban centres.
No it's
it's
super
important. I think that it should be as integral as electricity or water. I just think that without the postal service America
would be. And even more polarized country, could you imagine if you were,
if you were
living in a rural area and because you know, you had to connect with ups you have to pay twice as much for postage or you only got mail once a week or something. It would make people really angry because it's unfair. But it just, you know, people need it, they need to have things coming in, especially things like medication or other supplies
No. Yeah.
I'm 100% behind the postal service.
The pandemic makes it more
well let's hope
it gets less interesting soon. It's
I don't think that's gonna
happen
unfortunately,
but
I
just wanted to ask you, how long have
you been doing, prolific?
And
how did you find out about it originally
in
end?
Terp
Turks.
amazon,
mechanical turk
so you don't need it anyway, It's terrible. It's really hard to make any
money
on.
it's just I mean
last time I tried it like four or five years ago and it was just
like
you're paid pennies, it's ridiculously low.
I actually
have about as long as you, but I had a problem after a while where they I had a technical problem
all the time. So I stopped for a long time and then I started back up a couple of months ago when the problem resolved itself. So um
but yeah, I learned about it through Reddit,
do you know? Read it?
I don't know that
one,
no.
prolific
wasn't the best I think. Yeah.
Well
there is
some place
called user testing I think where your son is getting the information from is a place on Reddit called beer money. Um, and so they do have a whole
list.
The
user testing one is
not the same
as prolific because it's not surveys what they do and I haven't done it more than once. I did a test and I qualified that I have been too busy to get to it. Is that they have, you look at websites or applications and then talk your way through what the experience of using that is like And they supposedly pay
about
$20 an hour. But again, I haven't done it yet. I just did the test.
User
In fact, your son probably could find out about it on the beer money subreddit.
So you're
looking to make more extra cash to.
well there's some prolific stuff
which is math oriented. I'm sure that you've run across some of that,
but
If a bat, yes,
this,
these
words says if a bat costs a dollar and a ball cost 50 cents and yeah, that one's always coming up. Yes.
Well
it's
funny
the
whole
tricking
you think is something I'm always not really looking to be tricked, but I did, I studied psychology in college and I know about how they, they set up studies and how often they say, oh, you're going to be teamed with other people and this is going to happen and you know, that's not actually another person, it's the computer, so Yeah.
It's supposed
to
activate
your emotions in a particular way if the other person does
better than you or more poorly than you. Yeah.
I don't care. I think age is a part of that though. I think if you're older you
become a little less competitive about those things where?
I
don't either.
But you're
you're definitely
the only
person
I've
met on prolific who is in the same age wrench, the last person I spoke to was 18. So. Yeah. Yeah.
Well
thank
you very much. It was nice talking to you Phyllis
and
it did.
It was actually going
very fast.
Thank
you. Thank
you. Have
day.
The
last
last
long distance relationship
here
we have
a good day. Bye bye.