Oh, uh huh. Right.
all right, how are you? How's your day so far?
I'm good. I'm on the East Coast, so it's like halfway through my day. For some reason I decided to wake up At 10 am, which is really late for me, but
okay. So overall today, I haven't done much besides just be on the internet, so I'm hoping your days more interesting than mine.
cool. Well round where you located?
Yeah, I'm in Maryland.
Okay. All right, so I'm in Montgomery County. What about you?
all right, Next is the city I'm in Germantown.
didn't
want to
jeez uh coincidentally in the last time I did this last week, it was someone in northern Virginia. So I thought I was I thought that was already a coincidence, but this is even more of a coincidence. Okay, cool. This is my my 6th and I believe final one that I'm doing is What about you?
how are you? I'm trying to think of the other people that I've matched with and There was one on the West Coast one in one in Georgia and I can't remember the other ones but. Right. Yeah. Yeah.
Okay. Okay. I'm sure you have more to talk. Well actually more to talk about when you are in different areas. We're working in the same area.
what?
man.
I what am I doing in my free time is running and I've never been to Sligo. You pronounce it Sligo?
Yeah I've never been there. It's always on my list of places to try out if I'm in the area but you know I mean german town so I have to have a special reason why I'm in suffering or or you know that area But
it
did.
Okay. Well that's that's I would not complain about that at all. Uh What do you like doing in your free time?
What
for hiking? Okay. To
have this last week in fact eight or six days ago I went to Billy Goat after work and that was a very stupid mistake because I forgot how dark it, how quickly it gets dark. So I was I
was like,
so I went there for not a hike even though I love the I got a B. Or C. Which which everyone is the partner one. I'd like doing that one. I think that's I think it's a but um
I went there for a run. So I was just on the Cno Now path. Uh I went I ran one direction and then I turned around but I forgot how dark it got that quickly. So I was already on the other side and I needed to run back and it was already dark and I was hard for me to see and I honestly got a little scared but uh huh assuming it's safe, it's a very nice place to hike and go for walks. Yeah. Special places for heist.
Okay.
my
In Hollywood. Really get that cool.
I
think
Yeah. The funny thing is as you're talking, I'm going through my facebook and I'm pulling up Photo one You said Wheaton Regional Park. That's funny because a few months ago I ran there for the first time just for the hell of it. And then I went to L. A. Last year and I did that exact probably that exact hike
you're talking about the Hollywood hills type and that is I love that hike, it was so beautiful. But
I
went in I went in september and I forgot the website I used but it's one that you you pay a flat fee and you get like as many things as you want to do in a single day. And one of them was a guided hike through the Hollywood hills. So it's because I it was my first time doing that so I didn't want to get lost. Uh I did that and it was my favorite hike which isn't saying that much since I'm not like a huge hiker but if I
go
back to L. A. Which and I have family there so it's highly likely I am not gonna do that hike again because it's so cool.
They never heard.
Oh she's.
I know. I can imagine uh
when I went to L. A. I just did uh I you bird everywhere. So I get another hike. I my geography of the areas in that. But it's near santa Monica. One of the parks there like a no part of a part. And I got lost. I was with someone but I got lost. And let me tell you, I'm actually very happy that I took an Uber because I could not find where I started and I just I just walked one direction until I found a road and then I called an Uber and then they picked me up. I'm so lucky
that
yeah I didn't have to go back and find my own car because that would have been horrible. But um yeah
he is awesome. Yeah. Okay. And then also coincidentally I like cooking also uh you look for a specific reason is it like trying new recipes or is it more so you just like you know as a the chore you like to do or how do you approach cooking?
You have one that recently happened?
Whoa,
how did you figure that out? You look up recipes or you just, you figure it out?
Uh I swear we keep on coming up with coincidences. I'm not lying about any of these. Okay, uh a few
days ago I made a sweet potatoes who played for the first time Because we had a sweet potatoes, I'm like let me try making one good. I it didn't turn out to be more of a muffin instead of souffle, but it still tasted okay, so it wasn't, it wasn't
loss.
Thanks,
yep. It's good for the gram for instagram. Yeah. Yeah, hold on, I'm gonna say it on my shoes, I overheat easily, so that's good. Yeah.
so uh one thing that I like doing is watching a lot of movies
you like watching movies or do you have favorites
what
you have any of that? Uh in recent memory that you enjoy are you remember enjoying,
that can be both a blessing and a curse because at least when
I was younger I remember loving to re watch movies a lot just because you know, I liked the movie so I want to re watch it, but as I grow older it's like yeah I've seen it once, I no reason to see it again unless unless I like really, really like it. But I do kind of I forget quite a lot of the movies that I watched too.
Yeah, that makes sense. Uh I always have a list of movies that I want to show my girlfriend uh especially
if it's if it's a movie that I've seen a long time ago and then I don't know I'm on facebook or I'm on some other website and they bring it up and I'm like oh yeah I remember I remember liking that movie but I don't remember why I liked it. So me let me uh kill two birds with one stone. I'll watch it and then I'll show it to someone
else
and maybe they'll like it also. No. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah.
I am a project engineer for an L. E. D. Company. Uh We don't we don't create the leads but we're more of the business service decide where we contact some potential alliance and we go to their sites whether it's an office building or school or an apartment complex and we figure out how much money we can save them by converting to LED S. And then if they go through the project and we are in charge of the installation and the implementation of the new technology. Yeah.
What do you do?
Cool. Where do you go?
Okay. And I have my, my best friend from high school, her sister with pharmacies pharmacy school. And he seems to be pretty happy with at least her job prospects. He seems to be doing fine right now.
How are you handling those?
It's crazy. Um yeah, I I graduated, I only got a B. S. Degree. I graduated in 2016
and I'm really lucky that I skipped all this because women's win in college. I already had some trouble with. Uh I wouldn't call procrastination but more so uh distractions
because I feel like I was one of the very few people that could not study in the library because it had the opposite effect. For me. It was so quiet noise would be amplified to me so it would it's my, you know,
any coughing or any
water bottle crinkling or something like that, like I can't focus so I have to be in my own room. Then when I made my own room I'm like okay let me just check facebook for a little bit or let me just go on Youtube for a little bit and that okay, that was
it's stupid to do, but I couldn't
help it. And now I can't imagine, I can't imagine having your entire class like that,
like the amount of distractions
that you have to be involved with on top of what you're saying. Which is that it sounds like you're getting even more work than normal. So it just
jesus.
no,
80 lab.
please.
I don't think.
Oh God. It drives, it's like 40 minutes normally back and forth. I mean you you move there or would you still saying
so from?
Mhm. I mean that drive can be pretty convert some uh my girlfriend had grad school in Baltimore and she lives in Rockville so she would have to drive back and forth that I think. Yeah
it's just I feel bad for for a lot of people in the uh covid world situations like this.
1 50
A 50 or 15.
Okay. Yeah I was I was gonna say Mhm. I don't know like when I drive to work now they're traffic is not that bad good. Wait really? 15 minutes but broke. Okay.
Who is Rocco closer or farther away? The Baltimore in Silver Spring?
okay.
I think I love geography but I suck at local geography so I don't know because I I grew up in german that group but I I lived in Germantown for a long time, I went to school in Rockville and that's what I know. Rock rock, rock field, Germantown and then in the middle that's my my three cities that I know and anywhere else. It's pathetic. Like if I were tortured for information, people would think I'm a spy and I don't I
never
lived
here because I don't know. I don't know. Yeah.
Well honestly I would be, it's also because right,
I mean it's not it's not a lie that at least in terms of jobs and what you're going to do is pretty much it is a job when you're commuting. Uh huh. Even a 30 versus a 50 minute commute is huge
on
your on your mentality. Because um I was very lucky. Um I went to I went to school out of state but because I still live with my parents right now just
for uh just to save money. So uh I decided to get a job that's pretty close to my house. My commute is like 40 minutes, but then my my company changed offices, I live in Germantown, my
job used to be in Rockville, then it moved to Dyersburg. So now my my commute is between 15 and 20 minutes. And like that that minute of a difference, I cannot tell you how much happier it made me. So So going from 5 to 50 minutes or 15, I probably what you said that to 15 minutes takes some getting used to and at that point I don't know, just like investing, invest in radio or is something uh what is it, the the audio books, just something to make your drive worthwhile? Okay, just take advantage of it.
the graveyard shift, I'm not.
I know, I know those types of situations are that someone needs to do it, but it just sucks if you're the one that has to do it because it really does screw with your circadian rhythm. Uh huh. Yeah. Again
like I I don't really, no, I don't know how to approach it besides saying stuff like, you know, it's it's dogs that you have to do it if someone does in after I after I graduated college, I I like educated myself to getting asleep every day and like having a good of a good schedule because yeah,
the uncertainty in college and the um mayan structured, I mean it is kind of structure but I would sleep very late and very little sleep, not eat well and that really messed with my my like mental happiness, So I just hate seeing that other people still have to go through that.
How long would you have to do it?
three weeks. Just three weeks. That sounds okay. That's tolerable.
Yeah. If you told me three weeks, like at least there's like an end in sight, I can, I can prepare for that. Uh,
like when you were first telling me that I was imagining an entire semester semester's worth of
Yeah.
Like,
okay. All right. But that
sounds,
So what you're saying is you're, you're lucky in that last semester was most of your labs, even though it didn't interfere with that, at least like the main, you know, your main labs last semester, we're taking care of the, what about the people that are that have to do labs now? Like you
know how they're
supposed to handle it?
They just go
in.
Is that freshman? Yeah.
first year grad students. Okay. I'm thinking of like freshman like, and I was like wait instead of or go, they're going to a pharmacy. That's so cool. Why didn't I do that?
I okay, I'm an engineer. I I've not, not literally failed but I failed at or go because there's a
lot of, a lot of memorization involved, which is of course fantastic if you're going into medicine because that's just part of the job, it's, you know, you just need to memorize a lot of stuff in addition to, you know, in addition to the other aspects. But like I'm just so used to being provided the formula and just like having a thing through it and I know I just, all my exams related to or go, I I would panic like I just, I forgot a lot of stuff. So it's
I know I will say that I was pretty good at action. Like I, I never needed to utilize the modelling kids. I could always like imagine the molecules in different orientations. So that was my saving grace. But besides that, I forgot like I, I can't even rattle off the shit. Uh,
embarrassing is just like after four years, I still, I forgot about this is a mechanical engineer. So yeah,
I'm coming. I'm
coming.
But no, I've only, I only take or go once and that was my junior year and I haven't really used it since.
I remember only taking oracle for once. A mess. Right? I took a lot of physical chemistry and I had plenty of labs, but not
not or go specifically.
You
know what?
Yeah. Uh I don't know uh my school, it was more of an emphasis on the uh like the foundational learning. Like I don't know if it's like this in other schools but I had to take quantum mechanics establish you know, I had to take that before or go to like understand the
physics behind it. Which
I know and mhm I am Yeah I I did find in that class in quantum mechanics but it's one of those classes that I took and then I still don't really know what the hell I learned. Not not that I forgot, it's just that it's so out there. I see uh it's it's to the point that I'm skeptical of people who we don't take the classes say that they're like fans of quantum mechanics and it's like part of me being skeptical, part of me being jealous that I don't think they really understand how crazy quantum mechanics is because I took a class and I asked but I still can't like I I still don't know about it because it's just so complicated. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah I have a decent uncle background. Country background so so there's there's that. Yeah.
No
you're of that's good. Oh
So I mean what is what is in or go to that? What are the
sections?
yeah a lot. I still remember the In my school it was 103,570. Let me see. Maybe it was just a um an engineering version of of organic chemistry because I only remember taking one semester of it and maybe it was combined. Maybe it was like the first half of the class was won, 1st 2nd half was horrible to because all that sounds familiar. I remember taking or go and then supplemental lab forward. Let's see. Um Yeah I think it's just called Organic Chemistry for the life Sciences. Um Okay again maybe maybe it's structured differently because you're going into pharmacy so you need to know it more in depth than I do.
What made you decide to pursue it?
Yeah. 32 minutes I have it and Okay it's a 25 minute cut off. Right okay. You want to finish now? Okay nice talking to you. What's your name?
I'm louis
all right nice to meet you take care.