Hi. Right.
So far so good. How about you?
Okay yeah east coast east coast for me too.
Um Yeah I think I've done quite a bit today.
I'm close to D. C.
Okay me too.
Oh my God me too. Hm.
Okay so I'm in Silver Spring. I've
actually
I've actually done this before and I got someone who's in the same area as Silver Springs. Me. It's crazy.
Um I think this might be the 6th 12. Put it on.
I think most of them have been around this area except I got one person in colorado.
Um I feel like the person who lived in this area like I had more to talk to about them. Like we were talking about like um like Sligo Creek Park and like hiking and stuff like that. And then also like talking about stores in the area and like how that's been like I know I think for traders joe there's like a crazy line and we've been trying
not to like go there just because like people are saying too close to each other and that sort of thing we talked
about.
Yes, I go
I
have
a friend who lives in that area and the only reason she comes by is to bring me food.
I like, I mean I like
hiking and I like cooking and trying new different food places, that sort of thing. Thanks.
Yes.
hi
asleep.
Mhm.
Okay. Um mm I don't, the last time I went hiking, I I feel like it was close to like the Weeden regional park where they have Brookside gardens and usually I go in the morning I try not to go in the like evening because it starts to get dark quickly. There was one time I was hiking um by
like the Hollywood sign in L. A. And it got dark
so quickly and got so cold so quickly. Like by the time I got to the parking lot my fingers were like completely numb and like bloated.
I went like I think in March so it was really hot in the afternoon but then in the evening and I got really cold so quickly and I didn't bring my jacket
with
me because like I didn't think it would get that cold so quickly. And also when you're hiking you start to like you don't get warmer so like I wasn't I didn't bring anything so thank God it's kind of scary. Mm.
What?
It
was.
I
know,
mm There was like
there, I think he likes scared us because he said something about the parking closing when it, when it hits sundown I think.
And we got really scared. So we were like trying to rush, but we were like too tired to make it to the parking lot and luckily it was still open I guess because there was like some kind of yoga activity going on. So like they kept the, the parking lot and everything open, like the gates open because we're panicking, we're like we cannot be stuck here in the parking lot all night.
mm
that's
good.
Mhm.
Um more like trying new recipes and experimenting with things often when I do that. I feel like I end up finding something new that I really like um
I think I tried um making like a like uh trying to remember, I think I like recently started trying making drinks like new different types of drinks. Like I tried making like a purple sweet potatoes movie with like
uh cheese film. Yeah,
I kind of eyeballed it based on the ingredients I needed, I just like kind of put things together, see how they worked.
Mhm.
that's good.
Yeah, I think I, the reason why I use the sweet potato is like there's a purple sweet potato and like when you like
the color is really pretty and smoothies and like like also cakes and stuff, so I wanted to try that.
Fire babies.
it was,
I like watching movies too. I don't, I'm
not sure if I have favorites or not because like I watched something new almost every week or so.
Um I'm not sure because like I have a terrible memory so like things just fall out of my head quickly.
Two
sometimes I'll rewatch the movie like of a friend really wants to see it and I recommended it for some reason. I can't remember like the whole plot for some reason. I don't know.
That's good.
you
know?
Um you said you worked, what do you do for work?
Mhm.
I'm currently in pharmacy school.
I go to Shenandoah University, it's in, there's like a campus in Fairfax. Sure.
Yeah, I'm actually um doing classes at home right now because of Covid.
Uh It's like super stressful. I feel like they're just giving us more work than usual. Mhm.
it's
definitely.
what,
what?
What's going on?
Imagine
the place
I think.
I usually have like family that storm and during my classes
and I have to be on camera. Sometimes I even have to participate, like turn my mic on and sometimes people can hear in the background what's going on. It's
hard to explain.
Um So right now we don't have any actual labs that we need to be in person for like that was all last semester and even last semester was a whole mass because of Covid. There were a lot of um like a lot of compounding stuff like making different types of medications that we weren't able to do and they would have been really useful for rotations and the rotations were actually canceled. So now I have like all of my winter break devoted to just this. Mhm.
Um yeah, that got canceled.
So like um originally I was supposed to be like going to Holy Cross Hospital in Silver Screen, but now they like moved me to somewhere um they moved me to a location in Baltimore.
What?
Um probably still stay in Silver Spring. I think my brother said he's moving out from Baltimore so I probably wouldn't be able to stay with him.
Mhm.
Mhm. Yeah, I originally was like hoping for somewhere closer to home or maybe in Virginia, like Fairfax, like that's not too far away, but this is like Like 15
minutes with no traffic, which is crazy.
50
Mm hmm.
Rockfalls way closer, it's like 15, 20 minutes. Mhm.
Mhm
You
want to get
home?
Yeah, I think I'm not too bad. The geography because like I'm the one giving directions to people when I'm explaining things like now, since I started going to school and like the northern Virginia area, like I know that area pretty well now, so I'd be able to explain it to someone. But yeah, I'm kind of like, like kind of upset about like I used to be a five minute drive to Holy Cross and now it's changed to somewhere in Baltimore. Mm.
Mhm,
What kind
of situation?
all
So
definitely. Even I'm going to have to like adjust my sleep schedule because like I somehow got like a sign from like a morning afternoon shift to like um an afternoon, like late night shift. Like I don't know how this happened. Mhm.
not quite like it ends at like 11 PM, but like by the time I get home it's going to be laid. Mm hmm.
Mm hmm.
Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah, I'm just like, yeah, I just have to figure this out somehow and hope things go well.
Um so like all of winter break that's like Through almost three weeks. Thank you dad.
And I think I have about a week in between while like one of the three week periods, like um like from, I think around christmas like New Year's is like when I'm going to have a break, so then I probably have some time to relax and then yeah, go back to working there. That's not too bad.
Yeah.
and the entire semester, uh
they used to do it like that, like every um like one day every week is how we used to do our rotations, but now they're trying to structure it so you can do it all at once, like over
summer break or if winter break is needed. That's, I think only if you have like a situation,
but I
hope this is not canceled because I really don't, I really want to get this done. Mm
Thank
you.
I'm
not
sure how that's going. I think that will be an issue for next semester. It's mostly just the spring semester that we have the labs, the actual labs that we need to go in. So I'm not sure how that's going to be like, but I know for first year students, they're going to have to go to like, like a retail pharmacy every week, one day every week. Like a whole like shift.
the 1st 1st year students they have to go.
honestly, I had a lot of fun in Origo.
huh.
only happened to me for one exam, but I got through it.
Mhm. Mhm.
are, you
definitely
have to take all these classes.
Oh wait, so you only took or the one and you didn't take or go to? Mhm
over there?
Well, that's strange. Maybe it's like
different
at other schools. Like how they do it.
Not nothing.
Oh that's kind of weird. I took something like that after I took or go.
Yeah.
Yeah. So actually I was um I majored in biochemistry so like I had to take a lot of those similar classes that engineers had to take. So yeah, I actually
was an or goatee.
definitely agree that it's hard like where I couldn't handle origo one but we go to is a lot easier for me. Mhm.
like
the setup of the equations like Um how you get from one one compound to another compound and what what specifically you add to get to that process. Like some of them are just memorizing a bunch of steps, that sort of thing. And then I don't remember anything after that. I haven't really used any of it for pharmacy, it's more like biology, understanding drugs, work sort of thing.
Um Actually I think it's just a major and probably like also the school too, I didn't really know what I wanted to do pharmacy until like Like the last two years of underground
Um I kind of didn't like biochemistry and like working in research labs um too much and I really liked interacting with patients and talking to them. Um Then I started looking into um like working in healthcare specifically and the different types of um professions I can go into. Yeah I think we talked for quite a bit.
Neela
nice to meet you