much better Yeah. Mhm Mhm Yeah. Oh yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm Yeah you can go Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Black. Mhm Uh huh Uh huh This house yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Okay. Mhm Yeah. Oh Mhm. Mhm mm hmm. Mhm Okay. Mhm Yeah. Oh Uh huh Come on. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Mhm. You like? Okay. Mhm. Do you know anything about your bag? Oh God. Uh huh. Time it has to be out strong but american. Well done. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I don't know what happened. Yeah. Yeah. You like that? Mhm Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Okay about it. Mhm Okay. Mhm Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Mhm presenting what is this? Mhm Yeah, I appreciate it. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Oh yeah mm. Mhm Get ready. Uh huh Mhm Mhm Yeah, what happened? Yeah. Mhm mm system. Mhm Mhm Okay. Mhm Yeah. Okay. Mhm. However, teachers got those problems. Actor in spots system. That's right Oh. Uh huh Yeah. Oh yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Mhm Okay. Oh mhm Uh huh Yeah. Oh yeah Okay. It might be fun. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah.
Hello?
I can't but there's a lot of background. Something noisy. Uh
huh.
I think
it's better now. Okay I can also for some reason I'm not hearing you through my head crumbs. I'm putting you through my interesting that's all right toe high
Um There we have some issues. I'm trying to you know one thing I haven't I haven't figured out is how to set sound setting is in this uh
software
Yeah I mean right now
the problem is purely out of my computer speakers and not out of my head set but just I can make do with that I can survive with it. Um Do you know we're supposed to be doing I know we're supposed to be talking or is there something which? Okay.
What?
That's
And they they really pay you like they pay you were like 14 bucks right or something right?
Yeah.
Good
to have conversations with strangers.
It's
like
and
and
What?
Well
you lost your graduate? Do anything.
What? Um what do you think the purposes of it is? Well
I attempted one of the last week but it didn't, there were technical issues so it didn't work out. So I guess that doesn't count.
Thank you.
It's
if.
Yeah.
Sorry
I
didn't
I'm
on the west coast in California. Where are you?
What?
Yeah.
What
what city what city are you in?
I am.
It's interesting around Portland. Yeah.
I think
I
once
visited,
correct.
Yeah. I'm in Oakland, so. Yeah.
So we've been hit with Covid pretty hard I guess. You know, I mostly, I'm mostly staying at home. Um, I mean I go out to walk my dog and I go hang out at a friend's house with, with, with distance, you know, and stuff. But I mean outside, but, but I discovered that where I walk my dog, like I live on the, I live in the boundary of two zip codes and I walk my dog in the other zip code. And it's like the center of code good in my county, in my county, which is the center of Covid, like in this part of California. All right. It's like, so
Anyway.
Well,
I stay when I have my dog, when I broke my dog just stay away from people. Well, because I don't like to wear a mask if I don't need to, you know, so I just stay far away. But they're not like
dense environment. But when I go places where I'm going to get closer to people, I do definitely wear a mask and a shield and stuff. You know? It's crazy
living
on yeah.
Books.
People
question
spoke
So,
I mean,
come
on, come
on.
Why?
huh.
I
know.
It
it's crazy. I mean I
do that because I discovered that I'm in a vulnerable population for complications for, so I mean actually to do do this kind of crazy stuff, but it is crazy. It's like sometimes I just wake up and I'm like, what are we doing? Why are we doing this is like, you know,
I
Member
money Animals. What do you think that's going to be like the rest of our lives?
Yeah.
I think
Yeah.
I think I can take this for a year. But yeah, the rest my life I'm not going to like not touch people for the rest of my life. That's just not gonna happen.
But at least also I'm sure there are people that you are missing visiting or touching or whatever.
Where
sandwich?
Yeah. Yeah. See I feel like americans are already so touch phobic and this is just adding to this. This is just adding to that. And I hear I mean I read these like epidemiologists saying things like yeah, I don't think I don't think we're going to help people full much anymore. And I'm like know when this is when this is ending. I am finding the first puppy pile I can find I'm throwing myself.
I
just think humans are meant to live like this, you know,
that's something
we
The contact
back.
I know. Yeah. I think just these people who are I mean maybe it's because they're epidemiologists and they're already you know, germophobe or something there. Like it was good. Now I never have to touch people.
but a year I can end this for years.
It's tough. But you know, it's doable.
Thank
you.
Somebody.
there's a lot. Right. And we're having we have extreme weather events in California. Now we have wildfires and there's probably going to be some kind of catastrophic wildfire this year. I mean I hate to say, but that's what's been happening and you know, then those people are going to get evacuated and then that's going to be a mess, you know? So it's like yeah, I have a question for you. And do you feel free like feel free to not answer because I realized like we just we just met I don't
I don't know your name but so but I'm curious about something you obviously have come from east
asian background. Um and I'm wondering whether because I have a friend with japanese and he is really
feeling he feels like it's very intense right now. Um that there is just all this kind of asian bash catching because of covid like you brought you brought covid over, you know, have you felt any of that kind of thing?
Eight.
I
love
you.
What?
number.
All
Keep
Right. Uh Yeah, that's hard. I mean it's sort of ridiculous but it's also sort of it doesn't surprise me you know? Uh huh.
What
not ranked
and
well
very
good.
Well you know americans I mean the big generalization but americans aren't that good to cooperate spring. Um As I know I mean I come I was also not born in the U. S. I was born in in Russia. What was then the soviet? The union? Did you say you came here when you were eight
of 16? Oh so you like really spend your, yeah did you know how to speak english before you came?
what
what?
So you have like a like a native and that's unusual for some of you comes with 16. That's interesting. I came when I was 11 I was just about to turn 11. So and people usually are surprised that I speak like a native because that's also right on the boundary. Everyone you usually start.
I do see include Russian but actually it's not something that you can assume because most people might want most kids when they came at my age. They either lost the Russian or lost the Russian part with unless their parents really insisted that they keep it. But I am a very unusual case. I was so afraid of losing my connection to Russia. I insisted on keeping my Russian. I just I fought for my Russian so I do speak fluent Russian. I feel like I speak better english than than Russian, but it's not noticeable but I'm just talking, you know, it's not, I mean my Russian is very is very fluent and I speak of without an accident and my spelling sucks but
very
thorough.
All
Right. And it gives you a bigger framework for like reality, you know? Yeah, I'm sure it was Indonesian. That's probably even more than the difference between in english and Russian.
So
Just
keep
person.
Look,
come
on,
stop
it.
It's
like
good
so it's probably because of the Portuguese like influence. Right? Is that why? Mhm.
That's how it does. But wait, that's right. That's right. That's right. Oh wait who was what am I thinking about? Portuguese? Oh, I'm thinking of like east timor I think what's Portuguese? Right?
Or
is that also?
you're right. It is like I mean of course you're right. But yeah, and you know why
I remember that because I remember reading something about how the dutch colonists like white rice and the Indonesians, like like, like brown rice and so the dutch colonists got some kind of diseases like scurvy or something. I know some some disease that because
they weren't getting there, whatever. That's that's what I'm remembering. So dutch. Yeah. Well that's
really give you, Yeah. Anyway, but roman alphabet. Right. Right. Yeah. And I I had to learn how to open it
this
post.
I'm johnny. Yeah. Yeah.
Good.
You know, I used to be a technical writer. I developed a disability where I couldn't And I'm really shocked. That was like 11 years ago. I mean could I haven't actually, I haven't had like a paid job except little little Jobs here and there for like 11 years, which is crazy. And it has not been good for my financial life, but I do feel like I do a lot, you know, I don't feel like I'm just sitting at home at all. I feel like I was a project in my life and involvement and stuff. What about you? Good,
thank you.
It's
kind.
I'm David, that's
what I use, that's what I used to do is a data. Well I was like sort of, the thing I did most is that I documented database various database technology. Like I worked for english way back when and I worked for oracle, it was a terrible place to work. Oh
I worked at or or oracle as a tech writer, but in the support department which is just a really messed up situation. I mean miracle back then at least was just a horrible company as far as the employee, you know, relationship. So um and then I worked for later I worked for a company called Correlate which was doing this like dynamic SQL last thing but for fast float like for very um like for data streams right? When you don't have single sort of slowly changing data um data base but of let's say weather data coming in or something and it's constant right? And you have you have to process of anyway they developed this way of they you know screaming but like analyzing the stream using sequel like you know land or something like relational databases is something I spent a lot of some sort of around.
So when you look at you one admin are you a
I think
billion
but
his character. Mhm
smith.
So um yeah I mean that whole world see
we're not when I came to the U. S. Like most Russians I mean I was a kid right? But most Russians on the the West Coast wound up going into computer stuff because because I think a lot of people have like technical educations and not a lot of english and so that it was sort of a kind of a good fit. And then at a certain point there enough people in the industry that um it starts attract seeing other people, right? Like you need a job,
will come get a job here. Right? All right. So yeah, like both my parents wound up, neither of my parents was a programmer to begin with, but both my parents wound up, you know, doing some version of software, hardware
stuff and then I swore that I wouldn't do that. Hello World.
No. Technical writers. Technical writers are the liberal artists of the in our industry,
half the people I worked with that music degrees, you know?
You
know?
No.
Right. And you know my mom talks about how terrifying it was for her because well like she didn't she so the only Real connections you have two computers which is a mathematician by training. And uh And she worked in places where there were computers, but this is like in the 70s and the Soviet Union. So what we're talking about is punch cards. She literally, I don't remember the punch card she would bring home, right? And you know, you you do your little punch card thing and then you turn it into the compiled like the next day, you
know, So that was like her computer, your experience. And but then she came in here and then she felt like she had to kind of like lie her way into her first jobs and she said she literally when she got her first computer job she didn't not know what a file was but she had to pretend like she didn't know, you know.
Great.
In the
each other
Please
remember.
Yes.
Quickly
thank
you.
Right. I mean back in the 40s they have these enormous as computers that would take up like I don't know a room several rooms or something
Great. You see I remember actually computers from the like late 70s, early 80s because
my father would sort of like pick these things up like I don't know where like there was some sale and and I mean I never really knew what to do with them but like they they had these switches I mean they had I just remember there was some kind of display okay,
but it wasn't like a screen,
you know, it wasn't like a computer screen.
And then there were these switches you were supposed to do something with like, I don't know if it was like, okay, Machine machine code. I mean, I don't know if it was zeros and ones or what you were supposed to do with the switches, but they were almost like,
they
were almost
like switch breakers and your house, you know, like when you flip some and it's like somehow you're supposed to program at using. That was stuff like crazy. I mean, they weren't so big. They were like the size of like a stereo or something, you know? But at that point, but
Well,
but what if you had, if you had grown up with that over the, the geek quit, it would have been really amazing if you can broken
right? I have a I have a young housemaid whose uh she was born. No, No, like uh like 91, but she was she's really in games like seriously passionately uh passionate game and not just uh not just a person who likes to like, you know, play shooter games, but like she's a contest world games and she has all these Like retro things from the, you know, 1980s or early 2000. The chief, you know, curates basically. Yeah.
How how old are you wearing?
You're 40? You're a young looking 40. Yeah.
You know,
because
I
do it. Yeah.
And
what?
Different times. Well, I'm 53 and the thing I'm discovering is that you're always just yourself. Like sometimes I'll just look at myself and I'm like, what does it mean to be different? Like what what what is that like what? And it sort
of means I think that it's sort of just it's sort of just another number in a way, it's like I'm still me, you know, I don't really feel like whatever a 53 year old is supposed to feel like I'm sure the state is going to happen when I'm like 80, you know?
now.
Well, you know the thing is we also live in this crazy time when when generations have gotten really um like
um there are these this whole sort of like co board thing that I
think that demographers have really made us believe that you know, there's something fundamentally different between the different generations, you know, which one are you a boomer or your millennial? It's like
oh come on like
And and I feel like and feelings there's already so much divisiveness with
these things and do we really need to add to that by like pegging each other in like one generation or another? You know? It's like
Yeah. We really are.
Just
stay in your house.
How old are you?
Okay. So there are like real people, you can talk to them
but slowly. Well,
yeah. So what do you think I was thinking with school? What's going to happen
on that for you?
It
No. Yeah, I think it's really tough right now for parents. I'm not a parent, but I'm like, all the parents in my life are just like pulling their hair out.
Thank
you for something.
Clock.
Yeah. Yeah. Be nice to your wife.
Well, is it? Yeah, I think we're good. Oh, well it's great talking to you. It's fun.
Nice meeting you.
Thank you.
because look, good luck can be written by. How
do we how do we stop it?
We
do
this.
Just
who is the window?
Get back to that.
Let's say okay. Here we go. All right, have a good night. Eric.