world. All
right, You hear me?
really?
Uh huh.
Yeah, if it's so
uh just waiting. Um So is it is it better or is it still causing a lot of issues there and
Mhm Yeah, I think
just automatically trying to use the default one. Yeah.
So
Well this is supposed
to have a conversation for 25 minutes. Yeah, So this is this is this is the fourth one. I've done some more so Right, Yeah.
So yeah, it would be good.
Yeah. Yeah,
I mean, I mean they didn't pay me the first time, you know, I would have tried three
more times there.
I know, but the thing is
like uh
it's been pretty interesting so far. I mean I had finally, you know, Yeah, I mean I I
think they capped it at four. I think it says that you know, you can have up to four conversations.
You want to do it over and over again. You can do up to four. So I think this will be my
last one.
Finally I guess.
Yeah, I can't wait for the next next class I guess.
Is this your 1st 1?
Yeah. Yeah. I think they just want
to I guess uh study the people's protection right? You know they look at two people talking
to each other because I think at the end of the conversation here they're gonna
ask a bunch of questions, you know, things like that. Yeah. So I think that's the purpose of it, it's just trying to understand. Yeah.
So are you are
you over
in
the west coast or east coast
or?
I'm just above and narcs from me. I'm in
Oregon. Yeah.
So not too
far.
A city of Beaverton, so it's just a suburb of
Portland basically. So.
Yeah
it's
it's
about,
Oh cool. Yeah. How about you? Like what
part of town for him?
Very cool.
But well
but like when you're out there like you're trying to at least like you know wear a mask and things like things like that
or.
The international.
that's
good.
know um you know as much as I try it's just and I don't know it's just like people perception
with all the pandemic it's just like seeing different people react differently with certain things, you know? Um It's just it's just funny for me it's funny at least if we're entertaining to
watch people's
reactions or
certain things like I sell a lot of stuff on correct list, you know like if I have like that I don't use I put on so, so throughout the pandemic,
I think I've sold
several items and then
the
interaction
that I've had with
certain people or individuals are pretty interesting. You know, from anywhere. Like they don't even really care, you know, anyone or anything. Two point where they're like, all right, don't come closer to me, you know, stay away over there. You know, put the items in the middle. So it's like two point. Like, you see, you see us you're you're like, what are they doing? They're doing like a hostage, you know, exchange or something. Yeah,
it seems like that, you know, like we'll put the item in the middle. I'm like,
okay, you know, here's
the money through the envelope
full of money and I'm like okay
and
I I
don't know, you know, as much as, you know, earlier when I said, like, hopefully this is not the norm, but I've been, I think this is gonna be the norm. You know, as much as I don't like it
at all.
Well, that's the rest of our lives for at least like, you know, a year. At least I I don't see this. Yeah,
I don't
see this good. Yeah.
Right. Like
It was not, you know, I mean, you know, fortunately for me, I know your situation, but like, you know, I have my wife and two kids at least, yeah. You know, four of us to entertain ourselves or, you know, getting people's head or annoy the crap out of people. But, you know, I guess it's better. Yeah. So.
Absolutely. Absolutely. And like, so, um, you know, I go to church, but obviously like the, the, The rule of the state is like no gathering over 100 people. So
we haven't had a church in life forever. And we have like our family church friend and
then they're trying to do, you know like an online meeting, it's just not the same.
Yeah. Yeah. He asked her.
I mean like
No absolutely no we're
social being.
I mean you know, as much as people annoy the crap I I guess,
you
know, we still need each other. So.
Yeah. That's funny. Yeah. But like
it's
I hope so. I mean like you know it's just I don't know with everything that's going on, you know, not just the pandemic, you know with the like I don't know if you've heard like We we had like what, 60, you know 70 straight days of protesting. I lost count here in Portland. So and it's like fortunately for me I'm far away from all the problem, you know so it's nearby but I can't I can't
imagine
living in those neighborhoods where people are just burning stuff throwing stuff you know it's just it's just crazy. So um yeah
it's like yeah with the pandemic, that's it. Yeah.
No.
No.
Mhm. Yeah
So fortunately for me no. Um
but I I do understand like my sister, my parents you know um I wasn't born and raised in the US I actually moved here when I was 16 so I was born and raised in Indonesia. Um So
like my parents still live
there.
Yeah my sister lives in Seattle so it's sending me like articles of like you know like one of those hate crimes against the asians and stuff like that. But you know, I'm fortunate enough like the area
that I live in is pretty diverse. Um and I don't really see a lot of that happening, like when I
go to store or anything like that, I don't
I don't feel, you know, people are just looking at me or anything like that. So fortunately for me. No, but I've heard like even locally here in
in Portland where it has happened. So
You know, I don't know the things like we talked about all the things that we're dealing with, you know, I mean like for
me like okay enough already with protests
Like all the
things that you don't have to deal with, let's just like, you know, get
into another agreement or something and
then
let's deal with the pandemic. Let's go with the wildfire. You know, we have other stuff that we worry about other than all this nonsense, you know?
At 16.
Oh I have had lessons and all that, but I would say like you know majority of like
learning, it's
throughout conversations in school obviously, but
right and then I assume you you you still speak fluent Russian then.
yeah. They I hope. Yeah, so that's cool. Personal.
You know? It's
it's languages like I feel like
it's something you know, to be able to speak and exported onto something very very special.
You know um fortunately for us uh Indonesia, it's it's it's very
like going from Indonesia your which is actually kind of easy because um use the same
alphabet
a previously, but
it's just the way we pronounced, it's different. So what we pronounce it, it's
almost like well very similar
to
spanish, you know, like like
like
abc
will be like opposite,
you know?
So
a dutch. We were colonized by the dutch.
I
I think,
yeah, my history is not. Yeah.
What?
Interest
Justin.
Um So sorry,
I think
I should have like introduced myself. So again, my name is eric. So
johnny. Okay, so so what do you do
for work guy?
I work as a
kind of like an engineer, so lower like in the ICT inside
computer set up things like
programming database. So yeah, fortunate
enough.
Uh Or it wasn't terrible.
Yeah, I mean that's what I do pretty much everything right. Careers and stuff like that.
No more like uh I think if you want to categorize
it, I would say more like a
data engineer or data
scientist.
Okay. So like yeah, we do
a lot of uh I mean like our databases, sequel server. So I read a lot of queries, you know? Right. Create reports, modify reports and things like that. Yeah. Yeah.
fuck.
Bright
truthful.
You know, of course uh technical.
That one went
okay. All right. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I think you're right because like, you know, I I have a really close neighbor here that we come out
with, you know, and
she's from Russia as well. Um
And then she's actually a C. P. A. So um so it's kind of like mailing, you know, like most people that come here, they look for that. Mhm technical the korean their help counting or anything about.
That.
Yeah, it reminds me of a movie um Gosh,
it's about I think the movies were during
like World War Two or something and when they're trying to decode each other like the
and they're trying to messages from like the german and stuff have like this big I am
computer like used to like
punch car and everything. Yeah
that kind of reminds me and it's based on true story, I forgot the name of it, that guy, what's his name? Uh cumberbatch with?
He was
one
of the it's so
Yeah. Yeah, like which is replaced by a single tiny laptop monday.
And
Uh huh.
No
brother.
Why
don't
you?
well I'm glad I, I did not grow up the next era. I
can, yeah, It might be more, I've been like it out, so
I'm good with, I'll stick my select star from, you know.
That's actually so, yeah,
I am 40 years old.
you. Yeah, I will try. You know,
it's just, I feel
like
I
just turned 40 this past
March and
then, you know, for something I just felt really old. I don't know what, maybe it's just, yeah.
I'm
Yeah. You know that that is so true. I feel like, you know, we shouldn't be kind of guided by those numbers. Just like, you know, just like the way
you actually, no, it's not. I feel like it's just a number. I mean I shouldn't like people said you should act like a 40 year old. I'm like, no, that's just how I am. 40 50 60 I'm going to act the same, you know, So okay.
Mhm
It
I
know that. Yeah.
Code
I mean you're sort of like, I think America us as a country, we're so divided on balance. Just like mhm
Yeah. You know, it's just sad to see what and then, I mean like, you know, obviously with the pandemic and then the elections coming, you know, the fall season, flu seasons, I don't know what expect this coming from
to be honest. So
I
Uh my son, it's gonna turn 10 in September, my daughter just turned seven, so yeah. Yeah.
yeah. Yeah. And then that's another,
With school, what's going to happen next year?
They're
still up in the air. They say one
thing they pull it back, they say another thing they said. People can go at this point, nobody knows. So
Well, I'm glad my wife is handling most of this whole thing so I can focus
on work
and other things, but yeah, it's getting
to get to yourself.
Yeah. Yeah. So it looks like
Well, nice.
Hey, good luck.
Everything in Oakland. Okay.
I feel like
I think
just
exit
out and then going back there.
Yeah. Let me,
yeah, go back to that english.
That you have. All right,