Yeah. Parts Okay. Right. Yeah. Mm hmm.
Yeah, I can hear you high.
I'm
Joni nice to meet you
joanie.
you said Gary. Okay.
Yeah, I've done it a few times. Yeah, they're pretty cool. Have
you done it before?
Okay. This is three for me. So I'm hoping I can get one more in tomorrow because I think tomorrow's the last day. So, but
have you been what
the
host? No, no, I haven't. I think I've accidentally stood up a couple of people when I was first trying to get, you know, acclimated to the whole thing and I didn't know for sure they for a long time I've had prolific and been a member but I wasn't getting any more emails through my email, you know like gmail. So now I realize you know, I have to stay on top of it, see if I get messages from them if I want to do stuff. So my
bad.
Um gee probably maybe a year. But you know, I just when I quit getting emails then I didn't pay much attention because I was all involved in these other ones. And uh you know strike while the fire is hot kind of thing. And then I started I keep the like the page on my phone kind of as an app or a you know link. And I started looking at them and started doing more surveys and realized I just have to go there and see if the survey pops up. So now I keep it open all the time and
that's all
I use. Yeah.
I have that. Yeah
but you know I found that sometimes it's already come and gone before I get a notification so I quit using it. So I mean if they fix that would be perfect. But
Oh yeah my husband he he he got kind of where he was doing maybe one or two different survey companies. But you know, he just didn't, his demographic is so wide that he hardly ever had an opportunity to do anything. So
Yeah. And I get sometimes I get, you know if I don't get right on top of surveys and stuff at the time then their full because apparently mine is pretty popular too. So. But the
last
guy I talked to,
the
last
guy, I talked to him as a teacher. Also. He was in, uh, yeah, he was in uh, in texas. Um, made me know him. His name was Brandon
florida and Georgia. So we're neighbors kind of, Yeah,
I've not
been
to Orlando
but yeah. Yeah.
I'm
outside of Augusta or the big gulf thing is
it's
Northport,
It's more north northeast, um two hours um east northeast of Atlanta. So.
Yeah.
Not
ever been. Okay.
And where are
you?
I'm not real familiar with. I know that there's this big lake in the middle of florida. You near that? The
Okeechobee? Okay.
Well
I know you mean on the map it's like this huge hole.
Price.
Yeah. Well now it's pretty humid. I understand. In the middle of florida too.
Country.
Now y'all are back to school. We were and then they had so many kids get sick with the covid come again that they stopped school within like a day or two. So you know, I don't know what they're gonna do. Um
Classes
start at 801 and their home at 8 10.
Her.
it's all new territory. Yeah that's how the virus the vaccine is gonna be you know and I'm I'm not anti-vaxxer I'm all for it but if slapped together I'm not sure I may wait till a few you know guinea pigs take it and see how it does first and you know they go from there. Um.
I think
what kills me is that you know so many people are dying in other ways but they're contributing it to covid. So how can you know the statistics are just all over the place. So it's it's just one of the and I'm really I think I'm with a lot of people when I say I'm really disappointed how it's been handled you know first of all let's just not worry about it, ignore it and then oh you know and then no toilet paper and oh you know it's just it's been one big thing after another. So I read now
they're like, it's uh, what do you call mutated? So again, I guess.
yeah. There's only so much room, you know, I mean at some point you have to uh
getting
um, yeah, it's uh, but you know, I mean, I appreciate people that are trying, you know, washing their hands and wearing a mask and stuff, the ones that are just going like, you know, willy nilly and don't care. I mean I'm as uh like conspiracy theorists sometimes just as much as anybody, but when it comes to this, I mean it's about life or death. I think
so.
yeah. And in like North Dakota, the, you know, the Sturgis rally, it went on without, you know, there's no worry, there's no nothing. So, you know, I'm just, I don't understand it. I mean I guess they're just I have a lot of faith in the Lord but I'm not pushing it. I just like you know, if they put yourself in that situation and then it makes you kind of wonder, well like we're going to be a limited resources after this. Get if this gets, you know keeps continuing the way it is. And
do
you
real
well, I mean, you know if it continues way to have, you know how many we only have how many uh just so many hospital beds, Just so many people, hospitals and nurses and stuff and first responders. And
you know, you feel like if they did something that stupid regardless of their health, much less anybody else's should they even get, you know, helping
any, you know, it's you know, um that's why you have to wear your seat belt. That's where you have to worry your helmet. Because you know we're trying to save your dumb asses and if you don't you know it's save people from themselves sometimes. So I just you know there's some there's some stuff like I mean if I don't know I don't know where people think that that mask aren't gonna help or washing hands aren't going to help. Our social distinct is not gonna help and opened the bars was one of the worst things they could have done. You know it's just.
he's
don't get me started on him. Um But you know it's like your state in my state or like we're high up in the dum dums because our statistics are out of sight and our people just seem except for you and me of course and my husband and your
you know your family in my family but it's just you know no regard whatsoever. So his mother is she's in assisted living and every time she goes the doctor she has to be quarantined when she comes back and her family can't go visit. We couldn't go see her fly and she just turned 90 and she's now she's having symptoms like she's having strokes and stuff and it's
just killing see her but you know we can't risk it. Um And there's people like her that some dummy doesn't wash their hands sometime or crops in their hands and go you know whatever they're being as careful as they can but you know you can't see it so I
just worry for so much
what?
Yeah it is and I feel sorry for people in grocery stores that are getting attacked and stuff. Just trying to do their jobs. I mean you know, it's just crazy. I feel sorry for him. I know that they're not making the kind of money they should, but you know uh I don't know. It's just it's bringing out the crazy and a lot of people, I mean I know it's a lot of people stepping up and helping, but I think some of them are just losing their minds, you know, but they can't I can't go out and do what I want to and go push over some statues if I want to, I have to stay home, you know.
I feel I feel for him, you know, being out like the deposits and things and incidentally the last guy I talked to also was he won a wedding, so he was going to be getting married like he was planning on getting married next year and then they won one. So they have to kind of take it, you know, in a matter of time. But
uh No, no, this one, they didn't pay for any vacation. He said, well just take a staycation until this all blows over. But they won everything. Sorry. They want everything. But the rings in her dress. Yeah, the tux run the music, the venue, the DJ, the bar. I mean in that awesome. And he was
He
desert.
Exactly. He was thinking more like 20 or something, but he
was
young
guy working out and you know, he couldn't ask for a nicer person and I never met anybody didn't want a wedding. And so that was cool.
Um I've
been.
time.
It's like a
time, Well
there's,
they, I don't know who put it on, but it was like a whole conglomerate of different, you know things, wedding things and they got nominated. Um And then their friends and family all got people to vote and stuff for them and
they didn't even know anything about it till it was just almost time for them to be picked. And so it was a big surprise, but I've
been with for nine years now
and
uh he's off, he's listening now.
you know, I
guess you know at least if you you know, it could have been like Covid started when you were couldn't have got home and
but I mean if it if it hit just right after you got you know on the cruise or whatever then yeah, they've been terrible timing. Well I'm sorry you didn't get to use it. That's a bummer.
oh no, I didn't know how they were doing that, but
they're lucky didn't get food poisoning too, because that seems pretty popular on the, on the career sometime.
I've always wanted to go on a cruise until I got more old and now I realize there's so much that could go wrong. I really hate to spend the money, you know? But I'm not, I don't like big bodies of water much anyway, so maybe I'm just not supposed to, I'm a land lover, you know, Maybe
I
just felt,
well
I'm
dead.
Yeah, I'm disabled though, so I'd be, I wouldn't be able to do like the fun, fun stuff. I mean, I'm just, I have mobility issues and I can walk just not very far, very fast and stuff like that, so uh
Well
up, yeah, I like a I used to like active stuff you know now I can't do it but I wanted to go before I got disabled. I wanted to go to Arkansas to the diamond mine down there
and
yeah it's I don't what part of Arkansas it's in but you can and people find some big ones there and then some people don't find anything that'd be me. But I've always wanted to do that and now you know they would be physically impossible. Just be impossible but stuff like that and I always wanted to try to do but
baby, do you have any idea how are how far Arkansas is from us? Well we're 10 about 10 hours away from Joplin. Oh, more than that. Okay. Yeah.
Yeah. We've lived here since 2016 and we lived in Joplin Missouri before that. Yeah,
we moved there 10 days before it hit. So.
and I mean if it stayed on the ground it took out so much it took out a third of the city and we were just knew right there you know
and
we
go
10
days, 10
days it was it was full of all kind of weird circumstances. But we moved there and then we had to travel back to uh indiana where we had moved from for uh some graduation for his grandson. And then we were trying to decide whether to come back on saturday or sunday. So we decided to come back on saturday. It had been sunday, we had been driving right into it and
then
the day of because
we
ain't
if it had stayed on the ground we would have been hit directly. But as it was it was we were in the vortex because it was hit and it was throwing stuff like uh wind in trees and limbs and stuff around the back side of the house. So we were kind of, you know? But like in that sunday he'd been two hours before it hit, he was in Home Depot and Home Depot was wiped out. Um It was just
so yeah,
no
we were in a second story, a part of it and I was going crazy because I'm scared of tornadoes and whether you know like that, I'm better now, but at that time I was going nuts. And then our downstairs neighbor who uh we kind of got close to said you know, come down here, so we went down there and uh like I said it didn't we had a lot of wind, but if it stayed on the ground it would have plowed right through us. So that was people said did you bring it with you when you move? And I said yeah right, you know but I mean it was so scary and it was so sad afterward because we were driving around not right after but you know when they got a lot of it cleaned up and I was just crying, I felt so bad for all those people and we lost it killed like 51 or 52.
What?
it's time flies. One guy they had on uh one of the weather shows or something. Um Well of course they had the tornado on the weather but then the show
something is killing me. He was a young guy like 16 and he died like a few months after the tornado. And what happened was a tornado picked him up and you know hurt him and then threw him into a field in that field. Apparently had some contaminated uh dirt and stuff and it started opening up a place on his face and they took that out and they just kept having to take parts off of him and finally he didn't have a chance. It was just so sad. I mean the tornado killed him basically but
it didn't kill it.
We lived there till till 16 when we moved here. So
did
it really really did. Um had a lot of people stealing stuff and things you know from which was sad that there there were people that I worked with at the time that said they knew people that would get in lines for free food and free water and all this stuff and they still had homes, they didn't need all that they were just stealing it. So other than that I mean the whole nation rallied. We had people from all over President Obama came and spoke and the high school was wiped out and they had been at a graduation and it had all dispersed and was over with when it hit because like it it hit on five o'clock on sunday and it they were done like three o'clock. So there was very little time for that. So it was amazing. It could have been so many more people. Uh
but he said the most eloquent speeches. I and I wish I could find it somewhere but it wasn't taped or guess I don't, I don't know. But
it was
yeah. Listen don't go there
speaking to you to Gary
and uh congratulations on your upcoming nuptials. I hope everything goes well. I hope
you get
to
go somewhere and have a great time and good luck in marriage.
It
you too. Thank you. Bye bye.