All right. Yeah, I can hear me.
Right, let me just uh, at a time I played 25 minutes, correct. Gary by the way, Nice
to me.
I'm sorry, what did you say your name is
down here, Okay.
the setting. 25 minute timer. That way everything goes well. Have you have you ever done this
and this?
Yeah, this is my, I guess the fourth and final one that I can do.
That's right. If you read the fine print that says you can try to schedule. Have you have you ever been stood up on this before?
Put
up?
you have to be wrong
man. Yeah, this is my fourth one, but I've had a few where you all get and you wait five minutes and then you just reschedule and maybe get another session. How long have you been doing prolific for?
Do you use google? Do use google? Chrome on your computer?
No
one trick. I've I've only done it for a few months. I'm a teacher. And in back in March when like schools were closing down, like I was like, well I might as well look to do other things if I'm gonna be home working. And so if on google chrome, if you do a search for my prolific browser extension, so what, what?
you do. Okay.
Yeah. My my father is a right kind of in retirement, like substitute teaching by like he's been so he's been so bored since March. Like he started doing it two months ago and now he's like addicted to it.
Yeah, that's,
some
of my,
I'm
sorry,
what?
No, no, I'm, I'm in Orlando florida. How about yourself?
Two
very
large,
large states.
Where,
where, where in Georgia geographically?
That's
like southern part of Georgia or I'm not
that familiar.
You're closer to us like south Carolina. Okay.
Yeah, I'm
like
okay. So
at
um Orlando, so I'm like right smack in the middle of florida. Yeah.
Uh No. Wake up the showbiz.
23 hours. Um I've driven by it. It's like all sugar business over there. Very, very rural area. Not
not.
Yeah, it feeds a lot of like the Everglades, like the national or the, the state parks. That's
for it. That's all over there. A lot of wilderness.
Yeah. It's it's uh
it was a very hot summer. Well I guess it's so is summer, but now that I'm back at work, like it's uh you start tuning out those things.
Yeah. We um we started work last week. Alright, so last week and this week is just for teachers to get acclimated. There's a lot, a lot of procedures to figure out um They're they're supposed to have students coming on monday. So as as you said, students are coming on monday. What happens after monday
Brent?
Yeah, it's but literally people like my my my father as I said as a substitute and like I said, he's doing the prolific but he he wants to go back to work,
but I don't know if it's smart to do and like his school is they're they're not opening up to students for at least until october where where he lives. But he keeps asking me all these questions like did they talk about this policy or this policy or this? I'm like no, because they're they're winging it, they're going as they're making it up as it comes along. They they don't know.
Yeah. Like like last last week um someone I know tested positive for covid, like it's been a it's been a mild case and so I I had been around them so I I went in and had a rapid test. I tested negative. But but this was this was after the first day being back at work. So I'm like calling my boston like hey like I'm gonna go get tested if I test positive, what happens and what are away? Like I if I had tested positive, I would have missed the first week of school next week because the 10 14 days and he's like, I can't give you an answer what we would do. Well figure it out if you test positive, thankfully I wasn't. But
they it'll be interesting. It's only a matter of time.
And
yeah I was I was explaining to like my mother that you know like you watch the news and they're saying don't forget to keep your social distance or wear a mask sure. And now that being back at work like you see like sure we're required to wear a mask at work and when we're around people but it's very interesting like after a week and a half, like we have our masks on but like we're not really social distancing one more around each other. But you still see people like human instinct like standing in line right next to each other. It's very it's very interesting.
Well it's just an instinct is it's very
interesting.
They
were showing on the news earlier I caught caught it of like Notre dame or like north Carolina like that the colleges and like they're they're closing their campuses after they're showing these like huge parties of teenagers are 21 just drinking, getting drunk added. It's just it's interesting world.
What
do you
mean by
women? What do you mean by women and resources?
effort.
Absolutely.
Well and Jordan Georgia did that before like everyone else did. I mean florida florida wasn't far behind budget but your your governor definitely lead the way
and some of that stuff.
First
no.
With
within like the last 2 to 3 weeks where the school that I work at like 99 teachers is around 5 to 10. So I think it's
like seven or nine um have either quit or taken a leave of absence for a year. Which means like they don't get paid but they're they're spot is within their job is not lost for the next year. Right? It's going to be interesting to see how many teachers teachers nationwide are. Just like it's not worth it.
Yeah. My I was supposed to get married in july, so we, we pushed it back um, for, for a year and my, my fiance, like on facebook is like, use these posts about like people nationwide getting married or they cancelling and a lot of people are just still getting married. But like, she'll read me these posts about different people who are like, what should I do with for my honeymoon? Because I was supposed to go to paris and Covid is such an inconvenience and yeah.
is it like a destination wedding or,
that's, that's, that's a
wee
small, I mean that's at least over $10,000 of my guests. Uh,
you
know, you
know,
there's
a lot of,
there's a lot of like, once you're engaged, you can go to like wedding shows and like they, right, it'll almost be like, come to this show and like, you can get like free rings or like a free vacation, but there there's different hooks. I maybe there's a raffle for a free wedding. I don't know. I haven't heard
of that one. Yeah, that's
it.
And
that's
Hello?
I
I
am
Yeah, it's funny you mentioned that the you like the Timeshare, like we went to, right? He had signed up for when you go to a wedding show, I guess you could just your name in at all these different places whenever you talk to them. And like, so we attended a presentation because they like, well, if you come for the presentation, like it's two hours long, you'll win a free cruise. So, I mean, they wanted us to spend $30,000 for a time share for the rest of my life. And then of course like we got the free cruise by the voucher and we would have used it this summer. That's that's that's that's obviously out the window. Uh huh.
Well
No I would not want to be at a cruise right now. Not at all.
I the people who would go on a cruise, I know they're canceled but they would just lock you in your room for days until your get you off the ship
we have back in february and March. I have I don't know if you've ever been on a cruise before but like like the lucky people are the ones that have a balcony where they could go outside, but some people have an inside cabin so they were just stuck looking at the wall for 3456 days.
Yeah sometimes happens.
But I
think,
I mean it depends but it depends what you like, like I went on a few when I was like a teenager with like my grandparents, I think they're nice to relax and there's a lot of food. Um There's a lot
of
there's
a lot of entertainment.
I think I think you'd be surprised how accessible because like I I went on Princess once a few years ago, it was like extremely cheap like thanksgiving week and like that that's a princess is known for like an older crowd. Like we we they they sat us at a table for a newlywed couple who are both like in their mid eighties but like it's but it's I think you'd be surprised how accessible they really made it again if
it's
No, and I
never knew there was,
how far is Arkansas from where you are?
So quite the distance?
okay, I've heard of that but that way the only thing I could think of a job when it was they had that horrific like tornado a few years ago
it was that long ago. So the the f four f five tornado that they had was wow it's been that long wow okay
you say
I'm
sorry
it's just that you were there for like only
two weeks.
You are
did
you
did
you
did your house or your property get ruined or anything
I'm
did you have like a storm
shelter during?
Yeah I remember
that yeah definitely horrific. I I just can't believe it's been that long. Right
all
How
and how long did you live there after that
didn't
recover fast or?
Well
I
do know I do know he's speaking tonight so that's on tv. Yeah he's speaking for the Democratic convention. That that's that's much more political than what we were just talking about.
Yeah but anyways it's been 25 minutes. It was very nice speaking to you
so
thank
you.
And,
Yeah. Well first things first monday at school so I always take care have
a good rest of the evening.