Hello?
Yeah I can hear you. How are you?
My name is joe
to meet you. Good good pretty
good.
So far.
Pretty good. So far.
Uh inglewood California.
It's like right next door to L. A. X. Yeah
where
are you
from
it?
Oh wow. You're way out there in the east. Huh.
87 It's 7:00. Exacting
Yes. So how's your how's your day so far?
So it is it pretty bad out there as well? Yeah. Yeah.
You know
what I mean? I mean you out here you kind of only hear it I mean I don't know too many people that have you know gotten the disease but I've heard that it's pretty bad.
But then again you have people saying that they don't you know they don't get the symptoms right
We are
and
yeah and you know what I guess it's something that even doctors don't understand yet. They don't have an answer for that because I mean usually
they say yeah, yeah, yeah,
You know what, I was kind of guessing it was coming and it was gonna get pretty strong out
here just for the simple fact that out there in china, I mean they they had they didn't have a lot of cases and they they were basically like on lockdown I mean and it's just something that I was seeing. You know like I mean I'm kind of like into the world star hip hop videos and stuff like that.
So I was kind of funny but yeah,
I mentors videos so yeah, I mean I was I was I was checking out the people, you know, they were basically all indoors and this was just maybe I think it was maybe just 40,000 people that had it. So I was like, I think that if we get it out here, I mean people are more liberal out here, it's gonna it's gonna be bad. And guess what, That's what happened. Yeah.
A lot of people they don't they don't think it's it's that serious deal,
I
mean and then
Yeah, and it kind of came down a little bit, but then it spiked up again.
Yeah, I'm working I'm working full time still. Not that I mean my job, it hasn't really affected my job.
I'm still I'm a care worker. Yeah, I'm a care worker. I mean I've been doing it for like three years and then obviously, you know, this is kind of like my side gig. Yeah. You know and you know what, I've been doing this for many years now. I mean I'm always I'm always doing my regular work and then when I'm here at home I'm always, you know, I like, I enjoy doing this.
yeah.
It is. It is. And
you know,
yeah. You know what, Yeah, they ask you. Um, but I guess, you know, sometimes it's kind of like a test question to see if you're paying attention because you're like, why are
they asking
me
these
questions?
Yeah.
You know what?
No, no, no. My actual job,
my actual job. I've been doing it for three years. No, this, well, you know what, I just started maybe with prolific. Um, I can say I've been doing it for maybe a year. I've been doing it for a year, but my other, the other companies that I work with, uh, I have one that I've been doing it for like eight years, Can you believe that I've been doing it for
a while? So, you know what I mean? I've learned how to maybe pick the good websites from the bad ones. You know, because I came, you know, I've come across a lot of websites that basically they have, you know, surveys that you have to do 15 minutes surveys, you're almost finished and they say all of a sudden you don't qualify. I don't get that. So, so I do one that's pretty interesting. It's called a mary speak
mary speak.
No, I'm mary speak.
It's like America America and then speak. Yeah, mary speak. Um, that was pretty awesome. I mean,
no, it's it's bigger. It's basically it's about, it's
politics. I mean just things that are happening right
now in the country. Covid and stuff like that. It's really interesting. You know, the the, and I've been doing that for like eight years already and they, and they pay you decent. The bad thing about that company is that you, the only way that you can can get in. It is it's basically if somebody's in the company then you kind of get people in. And the other way is that you know if you get it through your mouth, that's basically the only way that you can get and you know in this company. But there's many companies that are, this is just the only website that you work with. Yeah.
I don't mess with turk.
What
It's
it's extra money.
It's
extra
money.
And then the good thing about it is that they don't pay you with dollars. Right? I mean what is it? It's sterling, they call it sterling's other people call them pounds. I mean, but it's not
dollars.
which is really interesting. I mean that's basically what caught my attention, you know when I seen, well hey you know they pay you with pounds. All that wow. Hopefully you know so I mean I've been doing this one for a year and then I have um what other companies? Let me give you some. Good.
Yeah go ahead. Let me go ahead and give you some mom. Some
of some
of my good.
Yeah. And what kind of what kind of work do you do?
You are
No
no I understand. Yeah.
And and what what I mean what do you what do you are we are we getting close like they say or it's it's
file.
Well I mean they say that it's like 95% now right?
It's it's
good
to know.
you know what this one I usually I
like this one I mean it it doesn't give you more or less is usually just the same and and they kind of pay you three bucks for each survey. They let you do. The good thing about this one is that they send you products for you to like, you know, check them out.
And
it's called pine coin. I'm sorry about the pinecone search.
Yeah. Pine cone yeah, research that one's that one's um that's one of my my good ones there and then I have, let me give you another one. There's another one that I that I usually do and it's pretty interesting. Uh huh.
Yeah. Mhm, mm hmm, mm. Yeah, paid viewpoint. That's that's that was decent too. That one, the only the only thing about that one is that they, I mean well usually I just get the amazon cards and then
there
was, yeah, the amazon cards and you know what I basically like the amazon cards because I buy a lot through amazon, I'm
like
I'm I'm I'm like I'm into instagrams, you know like um The coup planning and all that, you know using coupons. So I usually get great deals through promo code, so you know what I mean, they usually pay you like $15, but those $15 can go a long way when you use promo code. Yeah, so um yeah, I mean I'm guessing, you know it's it's it's the same everywhere. I mean with this, with this thing with this covid, I mean a lot of things have changed, you know, I was into going, you know, hanging out with my buddies and going to the gym. I mean everything is closed down. I mean I haven't, I've lost contact with a lot of my friends,
I mean because everybody's
just
oh you don't
Hispanic
food.
It's
it's
And you know what, I'm guessing like it's going to take a while. I mean it
seems that,
because I'm guessing it's going to be available at a time. I mean a lot of people, you know, a lot of politics which you know, you don't I don't really trust too much on what they say. They're saying that maybe late december. But I'm saying to myself, I mean I'm not really, I don't really have the exact count But I'm thinking it's like 150 million in the usa
it's
gonna
that's
going to take
awhile. It's gonna take a while. Yeah, I'm
guessing
that
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah,
That that, you know that kind of makes sense but I don't
think I'm going to get it right away. I mean if it's available to me, I'm not willing to risk it honestly. I you know, because it's it's something new. I mean it's something that wasn't supposed to be invented. So um you're just gonna have to I mean, me personally I'm going to have to wait and see what what are the side effects? Right.
Oh, you're
you're
you're planning?
That
yeah. They say they
are basically speeding it up. I mean it's kind of like a like a you know, a political thing now that you know that it has to come out which makes it makes you think twice about it?
You
know
what
and I have you know right now that you mentioned that it's a different companies that are doing the vaccines. Right.
How does that work? Is it is it basically the same vaccine or it's what's a different brand
or how does that work?
All
Two.
So is that is that considered is that considered a little bit more risky?
it is.
But but don't
does it have to do anything with with with being approved by the FDA? No.
Of what
you're saying?
Listen
they're they're not supposed to be approved.
Because you
know what I
right I heard about this uh this interview that one of the guys had. I'm not really sure if it's basically the one that you're you're speaking of, he said that after he was done with the with the trial, it felt like a big old hangover and it took it took a couple of days for him to get better.
So I'm guessing a lot of people see that and you know, they kind of like, I just want to, maybe
they're going to go ahead and wait it out. But like you say, right, I mean, um, you know, you work in that kind of uh and that kind of, you know, the job and and if you're saying that it's good, I mean, obviously, you know, who
knows
better, right than
than people that
work
photos
something.
I haven't, I haven't done the flu. Have you gotten yours? Yeah.
Yeah, I've heard that.
I've heard that. Yeah.
But
but you know what, it's kind
of controversial because, um, I'm guessing now that people are, I mean, I'm speaking of here, you know, locally a lot of people are taking care of themselves. And I've heard that with when it comes to the fluid person a person as well. Right? So
how is
it?
No, No. But what I'm saying is that I mean, if we're if we're protecting ourselves from this covid, I'm guessing we're protecting ourselves from the flu as well. Right. I mean, you have the mass. Exactly. So,
That's that's what I'm saying. So, you know, a lot of times, you know, like you're saying, right, have you gotten your flu vaccine? I mean, I haven't gotten, you know, maybe five years ago and I haven't gotten sick. So I don't think I want to get it this year either.
I mean, no, I don't want to risk it. I mean, I've heard that a lot of times like you're saying, you know, you sometimes you feel a little ill after you take the vaccine. I don't want to be one of those people that are gonna end up getting the cold because I, you know, got the vaccine. I don't know. I don't know. I guess it's just sometimes it's just risky right? Especially now that we have this thing going around.
No,
we have
it.
have it free out here as well. Yeah. And
well, let's see what happens
hopefully.
it's just life has changed all of a sudden. I mean, I remember I remember March, I was still going out, you know, doing my my normal thing not even knowing that we were we were even getting close to something like this.
How
is it? How is it out there in the like the supermarkets? Are you guys out of uh out of toilet paper as well?
Out here is crazy. Yeah. Out here is crazy. I mean, you can't. I mean I think I went to the Cbs not so long. I think it was yesterday. All those empty now that they're saying that you know, we they're going to close down here and um here in Los Angeles County. I think people are just panicking. Uh huh.
And
I'm
gonna
don't,
so you were
lucky.
Oh, that's great.
I
think sometimes
it's good to just buy a bunch, right? I mean because now you go to Costco and it's just one per person. You can't take anymore.
that's
true.
No, it's just, I can save maybe two weeks, but I can get them through amazon. I usually get my stuff and I have amazon prime. So it's I think it's a little easier for me to get them through through them. Yeah, because
out here in this in supermarkets, it's I mean, you know, too much people out here, I mean it's
yeah, a lot of people out here. So, you know, you got to be twice as careful when you go out on the street, you know? Yeah.
What do you what do you do you do you live in the big cities? Small
town.
So you're away from everything,
Already.
Already.
It was nice talking to you. Take care.
All right. Bye. Bye.