Yeah, yeah. Just Hi,
can you hear me?
I'm good. My name is Adrian
joe, Nice to meet you, joe. How you doing tonight?
you
are?
I'm sorry.
Yeah. Where are you calling from?
Yeah. Oh okay. Where is that?
So
you
live
in the city? I
live in the Durham north Carolina.
Yeah. Yeah. You must be calling right around like what dinner time before dinner?
After after dinner then. Yeah,
it's been pretty good. Um Covid's, may I have a two year old and my my daycare has been interrupted, but today I felt like I finally balanced work and um childcare correctly, it's taken only what, nine months or whatever. Uh huh.
It's not it's not as bad as it doesn't like the midwest certainly, but you know enough for concern. I don't want to catch it. I don't know. Um Do you know
what?
Mhm. Yeah, I know people who have gotten it and um what's concerning to me is just like, you know, we don't, we don't know a lot about the long term and people are saying it's taking a long time to bounce back to normal so I got to wonder, I don't know um
yeah,
There are people who test positive and they didn't even know it, so it's all
over the map.
important.
yeah, I didn't really, I was one of those people who thought it's not going to be a big deal back in like March and I was definitely wrong, you know?
Warm.
War.
So
that's crazy.
I
mean
it depends on who you are and you don't know who you're going to be when you get it. So Yeah. Well, I felt, I felt kind of stupid afterwards realizing, oh man, like watching the numbers just like go from, you know, this to this, to this, to this. I don't know.
Yeah. Yeah. So what's changed for you since March? Do you, do you work full time or like
Yeah. What do you do?
Yeah. This has been really fun for me. I are you going you're through prolific, right? Is that how you got to this survey? Okay.
I know there's like a lot of different, I don't know. Um yeah, I only found out about it like a few months ago and I've been, you know, just keeping a tab open. It's really easy and sometimes they're fun.
There last
night about like, what do you think of this guy who throughout lobster? Like a one minute? I don't know.
No,
that
was
the whole
survey. It was just like, it was like this guy is a waiter waiter and he threw out leftover lobster. Like what do you think of that? Um
I
wish I would have known about this, like, you know, years ago you said this was like three years that you've been doing this.
Oh, your actual
What?
From
there a stick
um mary speak.
What's it about? Is it about like, you know, is it like language focus stuff or?
It's
huh.
Yeah. Yeah. I've heard really bad things about like mturk and you know, I've never even that
kind of stuff. I want something,
you know, if I'm going to pour my time and my time is worth something. So I figured It's, yeah, and prolific spend like, you know, it's not great money and it's like, you know, not something I'd ever rely on, but it's, you know,
if I'm around,
you have an
extra
10,
15 minutes. Yeah.
british,
general sterling, Yeah. Oh
yeah, yeah. Do you mind if I write them down?
that would
be great.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. My husband and I was just been trying to like, we would, we would usually do like sad gigs during the pandemic, but um you know, that's obviously not uh something we're looking for like more remote, you know,
so I'm actually an engineer. Um mhm
mm. Yeah, yeah, I'm originally like a biochemist, but now I'm kind of training as an engineer at this company that actually makes Covid test. So I'm not making Covid test and neither is my
site,
but yeah, yeah, like my company as a whole has made diagnostic tests for that.
Well, my
company, my company does like diagnostics, so not so much more vaccine development, but I don't know if you've been watching the movie, but I'm really excited about the preliminary results from like Pfizer and Moderna. Uh
Yeah. Yeah. I mean like there's a confidence interval associated with that so it could be a little lower, but that's still way above what they were expecting. So I
think
it's really
fantastic news. Um yep.
So
That's
fun.
Pine cone.
You want to look at this?
that's what I like is good
cash.
Lots
of people there.
That's
that's been really
hard for me to like, I I don't use a lot of social media. Um
Not really, no. I mean I had facebook for a while, but I just I lost interest. It seems like love my like my closer friends don't use facebook, but you know, so like all of them, I just, you know, have conversations on walks with them. You know, we go places. But with Covid, I feel like there's nothing to talk about. So I don't want to call them up just to be like, hey, yeah, my
day has been
the same as it was three months ago. So I feel like I've lost touch with people and that's been real bummer. I'm hoping
like,
you know when things kick back uh like I can reconnect with a lot of people, but it's been very isolating for sure.
we
don't get the vaccine. Oh, I think it's gonna take at least a half a year to get everyone who wants the vaccine. A vaccine. What?
They're
talking
what I've heard is um what I've read is like they'll they'll be able to produce about 20 million a month starting in December. And so it's
not like
that.
there
are a lot of
people who don't want to get a vaccine. So I wonder what that's gonna, how that's gonna play out and like the funding to get it to rural areas is apparently going to be a challenge because it's got to be kept really cold. So
distributing it's going to be like a logistical nightmare for places that don't, you know, have the ability to do that. Mhm. Yeah,
Home.
I think we'll have enough uh there will be plenty of people at the front door, so I think you'll be able to see um I'm planning on getting it as soon as it's available.
I think
so.
Yeah. I mean I I generally trust, I mean now that I'm working for a company that has to work with the FDA and like I see how it works. I have some I have a lot of trust in the system. But that said we have a long long history of medical screw up. So you know, I understand that people would be wary, especially with our like current political everything
and and you know it is on a fast track. So like I don't I'm not judging anyone for deciding
where
well they're speeding up things that they're not speeding up. They're like they're not they're not cutting short the activities they're just overlapping them. So normally there is a lot more time to do this stuff. So they do like one activity than another than another and they're just they're doing more things simultaneously but they're gathering the same amount of data. Um You know so in that sense they are speeding it up but I don't think that the the integrity of the actual results hopefully are
going
to be
incredible.
Yeah.
So
so there are a lot of different mechanisms, there are a lot of different types of vaccines. There's you know whole virus
vaccines that's like you know something we've done before for other um for other diseases. The ones that are showing a lot of promise are actually brand new. Um There there RNA based which is like you know nucleic acids, it's like the building blocks for life. Um And for those, both the Pfizer and Moderna have the same like they're both M RNA vaccines but they're formulated differently. So like the way they're packaged um it's a little bit different. So that's why they were able to have the two. They're different but they'll probably work the same and that's probably why they have. They both have really good data. Uh But yeah, there are a lot of different styles of vaccines. So if you if you want you can wait and see what the side effects are. You know from by if you wait you'll have more options for vaccines I think. Um For me myself, I trust, you know if they're going to get a vaccine out there, I believe that um you know, they'll they'll have
gone through enough of the trial patients to be confident about it. But there are, you know like I don't know if you heard but like in Russia and china they like they really rushed it and they're using emergency use only vaccines that haven't been tested extensively for people who are on the front lines. Um So that'll be interesting to see too.
Oh yeah definitely. Like I
wouldn't feel good about that. Um That hasn't been done in the U. S. Like they're not they're not injecting. Yeah
paramedics
in
the
country
and
well they're they're they're approved in those countries but not here. So like china they've decided like this is such a big deal that like we're going to use this, you know, it's got some preliminary data but not enough to make you know uh be really confident. But this is such a problem that we're going to give it to frontline medical workers if they want it. Um And that that's a lot more you know there's that's a lot riskier I think. But by the time of vaccine gets pushed through here I I don't know I think they're doing trials with thousands and thousands of patients. And um they've been pretty transparent like they think it was like johnson and johnson had to pause a trial because they had like one person um have a reaction or something. But I think they're being fairly transparent about and they have to be I think I guess kind of boils down to if you trust the system which you know I understand
you know
like I have a choice.
Remember.
Or
Thank
you. Okay.
I think
I
mean I think
people
have reason to be concerned. Um but for me myself I know I'm concerned about the virus for sure and I figure if, you know, if there's a 1% chance that there's something wrong with this vaccine, even after all of the stuff that they've done. I think at this point I don't I don't really feel like there's I feel like I'm gonna take that very tiny risk because the alternative is like either not being able to continue my life or you know, potentially get Covid and get really ill. Um But yeah, I don't know. I mean, do you take the flu vaccine? I'm not trying to compare apples and oranges, but.
Oh yeah, I get it every year. Um And I mean like with a with a lot of vaccines are common, you know, you might feel a little fatigued or something for a couple of days,
but
you know, I've gotten it. I haven't felt that a lot. Most people don't. And even if I did I've had the flu before, I don't want it feels like I felt like
I was
what?
you don't
know
gonna be that person who gets super super sick. I also don't like missing work.
They've been saying it's gonna be a good year for the later like a value.
No.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean I feel like the flu vaccine is even more important this year because if I get the flu I definitely don't want to be going to the hospital and I like I know and it's also it was free, you know, I don't know if you would have to pay for it, but for me
it's free
every
year and it's like yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah. It's
gonna be a wild ride for a while man. It's been a pretty pretty boring and exciting year at the same time if that's even possible.
Yeah. Yeah, I never would have thought, I mean I was kind of in denial there for a month or so to which you know you don't mind. My husband was like stocking up on suits back in like late february and I was like that ended up being totally reasonable
again
I haven't had any issues myself but
Um we
haven't
had
too many things but we don't shop very frequently for for that kind of stuff. I mean I
had gotten toilet paper from Costco back and like last year and I just got like a massive amount just because that's how I shopped at the time so
we
haven't run out yet and it's been like a year
I would have
to
you know.
Yeah. Yeah I mean I haven't even been out to Costco since then. Um It's amazing how long that that one order of toilet paper has stretched us. Um I never would have thought it would have been like rationed. Yeah I'm
sorry to
hear that. I hope you're well stocked now for the next couple of months.
Okay.
I can't imagine that's a busy area to be in.
Yeah. Mhm.
I
live in the outskirts of Durham so that's actually I wouldn't say it's rural it's not even quite suburban it's somewhere in between rural and suburban but it's
thing. Yeah. Well hey um I think your time's up. I'm gonna wrap this up
but
thank you nice talking to you.
bye.