Can you hear me?
I'm so
sorry. You get
broken links. So I had to come in with a different link on
an old
one,
Oh man. I'm thinking, oh my God, I hope they're patient. Oh my God. Finally I went to an old link and I thought maybe we'll let me on there. And it did what it did is it kept asking me the exit survey instead of the beginnings, Have you ever
done this before?
Oh no. See I've got two other ones and they are good. They worked out really, really good. But this one it was like, why does it keep giving me the exit survey?
Jetstar. Maybe it, Yeah.
Otherwise, yeah.
yeah. So what is your name?
I'm Jody
to meet you. Good.
I am in michigan. Where are you?
Oh, so not too far away. Kind
of, I mean you're used to bad
weapon.
Born and raised.
Is it what?
You
know what? I just told my son yesterday and then my grandkids like you're right, it's kind of like divided where I live wherever rich people are there off democrats and wherever the middle class to working class, they all have the trump signs so they're kind of like depends
on your drive and it's
Yeah, that's what I thought, but I mean and these are like you know, they're rich, I mean you know the neighborhoods when you live here Yeah, they all have the democrats signs up and I was beginning to get I'm republican, I don't know you democrats,
Yeah and I'm thinking I'm getting a little worried here, why is everybody a democrat you know, but you know everybody gets has their own opinion and doesn't matter to me, I know what I want, you know what you want
I know you know when trump won it was such a long shot and I couldn't believe all of the rioting and people all mad and you know just all of that it was like my God you don't always get your way in life you know why are you acting like that?
There is and it's like hokey pete. I just I was just so shocked you know but I
think I
have
never
you know
go ahead.
Do you know
I think he's an asshole let's get it. But he is smart and I really believe
that the reason that he's doing things he does like tweeting and just all the other garbage he does is because he feels that the there's so much fake news. He wants to make sure that people know what he really is about
because remember with Obama they took his phone away from him and he led them because he wanted to tweet or I don't remember exactly what it was but he wanted to do something with his phone and they told him no and it's like so you listen, you know
I'm
going to
go on
that's not sure.
Mhm. But I think that's why he does it. I really do um
98
I
don't,
What sometimes I think you hate to love them instead of love to hate them. You hate to love them.
I think the
reason that I am so for him is that I think we're just going to go right down the wrong path with Biden. Biden I think could be good if he was his own man. But he's not
I think telling him what to do. He's not quite he's a good man but he is being told what to do by the people in the background and that's what worries me. I think Hillary and different ones have a lot of sway there because you can tell by his body language that he's waiting to hear. Like maybe somebody's talking to him in the microphone, in his ears with whatever,
you know
what
Yeah, that's the only that and the only other thing that I see and it's not maybe per se him but the people behind him or you know. Yes, I see socialism coming and that worries me. That worries me bad because I can see happening to us what happened in Venezuela in the future. And I don't think a lot of the younger people really really realize what socialism is. Yeah, it sounds good because equal financially with everybody. But it doesn't work that way. Not.
I
don't
know.
But could
we stop
it if we had the wrong people and
No, no, no. I mean could we stop it if the wrong people were heading the government? We couldn't
that
I hope not. I hope not. But time will tell, you know, time will tell. We'll see,
hey
people
be prepared. Just put your car in the garage and sit home after they announce who you know, because people are gonna go ape
one
way
or
the other
that
no matter who, whether it's Trump's you know republicans in Denver if people are going to go nuts.
I
don't
that idea. My husband died from lung disease and
so he used to have to always vote that, you know, he had to vote with the ballot by mail because he couldn't be around people at all or he could die. And for him to get that it was we had to jump hopes and now it's just like, oh yeah, you want it here. That's supposed to just be for people that really can't go out and vote.
We are, but they got kids back in school. I I
don't know by, by us.
Oh, I'm sorry. Can you see me now? I'm I'm a short
person.
My mama desktop.
I don't
know.
How about now?
it's
totally gone.
How's
it?
just had it.
I
hate
that.
Now
can you see me?
You
now
they are schooled by you? Is school working by you now? Like the kid
are they crs started about a month ago there? But Covid is going around a lot of them without
options.
20 but net
Pretty She's
not eating
it's
She
title
at 20 years old. She's been titled
Is that Rocky?
Whoa.
they can't
Sorry
about bad. That's hard. It's hard.
Me I get out whenever I need to,
yep. Um I worked through the whole thing because I work in a we make food, we're gonna factory production and we make food so we were what do they ever they call it a necessity and
we elbow to elbow and before they even made us wear masks, none of us got sick but we were working we working like coolers so it was really cold. I don't know, but nobody had gotten sick at all through that whole thing or now I don't know if the cold helped or we're just all not.
I mean, you know, we're moon I don't know,
but
that's
what
you want.
Right. Where do you think it really came from? How do you think it really? What's your thoughts?
yeah. You know I think the mistake, the problem that really happened was that they tried to keep it quiet.
Yes. And that.
Wait
for
a while now,
I couldn't believe it made it here. I really couldn't either. It was like because we're so far away, we're on the other side of the world. How did it get here? You know? But it happens in. Did you have a hard time finding toilet paper at the beginning?
Well
there's a
Hi.
I
know
I'm here. Can you see me?
The
video of that
did
the liquor and beer and stuff.
I don't know.
Well put Allah vera on it because that's what they put
in sanitizer.
you don't want that, That's what my husband said, don't because that's what he had was lung disease and
Well, he's been gone now, just 10 years. It was it was a ten-year illness though, and he didn't know he was sick, he just, one day he started snoring and I'm like, you're starting to snore, you've never smoked in your life, and you know how they'll say it's sleep at me or whatever, but I'm like, you're gonna go to the doctor, he's like, I don't feel bad, and I'm like, well your snoring and it ended up he was already at the beginning and stages of it,
and he didn't even But he lasted 10 years, but it was hard because man, when you can't breathe, uh that's how I always thought what, it would be awful, the drowned, You know what I mean? And that's kind of like what happens is you drowned because you can't your lungs just fill up. But yeah, he said, don't ever put me on a ventilator and I said I won't yeah, it's not easy,
but
I know he was way too young, but oh well, you know, life happens. So how
your kid?
Yeah, he did he have early onset all screamers?
What?
You
know, I don't know what's worse the long death like that or the quick death because my dad When I just had turned 18 and he got smacked on his motorcycle from a drunk driver and they drug him thinking they hit a dog. So he there was much left because you know, and that was just one of them. I just saw him last night and then he's gone, you know, So
what's worse the quick or belong because I've been through both, you know? But even this many years later, I think I missed my dad more then my husband, you know? I don't know.
It's
like yeah, just he was gone. So
I lots changed in them years back then. They didn't I don't even think the lady went to jail. She left the scene of the accident, went out for breakfast and came back. It's like, oh okay,
But
it was a long time ago. So I've always been I've been instilled in my kids, my grandkids, their friends, my kids friends. Don't you ever drive drunk and if you need a ride, call me, I don't care if it's three in the morning, I'll pick you up, there's consequences. But I'll pick you up. And I have had friends of my son when they were growing up that did call me because I knew I wasn't gonna screaming hollering hammer thick. It was the next day they knew there would be consequences, but they knew that they knew.
No.
that's awful. That was your brother
brother in law,
It is a small world, isn't it? Here
often
and it's like, wow, I've never known anyone that new, anyone that had died. Then, you know, I remember the day that it happened, I drove city boss and I go into work and I worked like a split shift. So I I had just got up, I didn't even know what was even happening and they had televisions in the lunch room and I'm like what the heck? They don't have them in the lunch room at the bus garage and I'm watching it and I still didn't comprehend what was going on because I hadn't seen anything on the nudes and it was like, someone said, isn't that awful? I'm like, yeah, but what what is it? Unbelievable? And even to this day, I think those, the hell there's people from within still here and I know there is, you know, terrorists. I mean,
I know,
that didn't see that one common.
Why?
I know, I I watched that movie, um I can't remember the name of it, but it was about the airplane where those guys were going to hijack it and the people on the plane.
What is that
good? I watched you do the other day, excited, watched, you know, years ago. But I'm like, man, they knew they were going to die.
Thank
you.
You would,
yeah, but you're not taking anybody else with you, You know? And it's like they were heroes, you know?
No,
mm I don't think they ever will. Not that and we've never been hit in the United States, we go and we fight for other countries to help, but we've never been attacked like that
and that was just shocking that he even had the guts to do it.
I'm,
yep, that's for sure. Do you have a lot of them um nationalities living in Jersey and
yeah, we're
in um yeah, closer and harbor like the whole town of and Barber is almost all muslim.
I don't
know
they
it is, it is and I don't know what part of ann arbor but yeah, they got I mean you don't go there, you don't go to certain parts of it at all. Yeah, and that makes me think how many people are maybe, how would they call it when you get hypnotized and you don't really know your an agent type of thing. Uh huh.
What is
it?
You
know
what I'm talking about?
You
now asleep sleeper like yourselves. Yeah.
I didn't have to look that up. I like to watch that kind of stuff.
Is it uh
watch
I'm going to watch a movie tonight. This is my first night that I haven't I don't think I've seen tv in two weeks.
I know it's like my grandson, my son had surgery on his foot so you can't drive because it was his right foot. So I'm driving the grandson to work and back and he's like seeing he doesn't want to get his own license yet and it's like I'll give you my little truck but he's too tall, it's just a military truck and he's like six ft so his knees are up here and so he's like no no
we're not.
no.
my God. Uh are they letting kids drive them? And how do they do the driving part of it?
I
don't get it either.
I know. I don't understand with my grandson you don't want your license. It's like what's the matter with you? You know good insurance is cheaper but you know my step mom never drove either and I never got it. My aunt to she she was like 40 before she got her license and that's
because of the Maitre. He's like you're gonna drive because I'm I'm sick of it. Yeah. But
man So did we get our 25 minutes in?
Was I?
Did you just hear?
Yeah
you can't catch any of them but I was so nice talking to you.
I,
well
we
got to agree to disagree.
It
was nice talking to you
every
wonderful
night. Okay bye bye.
Okay let's shut
this
up.
Why Kitties?