From where? Oh, quite necessary. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. I don't get that life. Well site. Okay. I am much uglier with the light on. There's no true spending. So what do you do? Oh yes. Pete. You didn't you really bad. Yes. Okay. Mhm. All right. You're on your own. Sport was about to start any second. Yeah. If I open the door, I wouldn't want, I still have that. Thank you. Okay. Right. Mhm Oh, you cut out uh huh. Uh huh. You cut it out. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Okay. No, I'll go looking thing on my head water. Go away. Yeah. Ocean. Yeah. Are you really Isil? Right. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. No, no. Support what? Okay. Okay. Oh, and my top park. I don't want to uh, maybe stood up. It's really open. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Well my mother certainly in general. Okay. Yeah. Once I thought last time, so I could be wrong. Mhm Yeah. Mm hmm. I fed you like eight times a day, literally. It's amazing when you can talk. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Mm hmm. Oh yeah, it's on your head out bro. Yeah. Yeah. I want you. Russia will kill every day it breaks. Okay. Krug out there. Okay, relax, relax story. You killed him. Well, well, well, mhm. Uh huh. Uh huh. Nothing. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Is going on. And what time is the game? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. With a little envious. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Thank you. Mhm Yeah. Why is 72? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. You know the kid? Uh I think we want a kid. Mhm. Um Maybe here. I mean this is perfect. All right. Okay. Mm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Jaber to mark support. 20 years old. Yeah. Listen to you. 20 years old. And the drinking here be like so much money for two. Mhm. Oh, out. Is that crazy? Got it. Yeah. A good thing going on. What? Mhm Sputnik. I'm getting over it. Way around it. Yeah, perhaps a poison Get over. That's right. Are we going around? Mhm What were the rules? 5, 10 minutes. Okay, so All right. Mhm. Mhm Yeah. Okay. Okay, boss. Mhm Mhm. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. What will they do? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Problem. No record. Yeah. Yeah.
Hi.
I
don't
I
would
I thought I was a bride left at the altar there for a little while.
so
yeah, I've done several I've only actually done to that works the other two I did before, I believe it was too I was jilted so I was like, I was prepared to get jilted again.
Just for I don't know what makes a difference at all, but I'm kind of seeing half of your face now or at least at
much better,
it didn't bother me but it just, it's nice to see a full person,
my name is Ron
hey jodi how are you?
And where are you Jody? Where are you right now?
I am in New Jersey,
no,
talk,
are you from michigan? Uh huh.
Is michigan a battleground state this year with the presidential elections coming up?
Is it a battleground state? Is michigan? I mean what's going on with michigan and politics
right now? I'm curious
interesting,
I would argue and I would well I've already figured more rich people being more Republican.
I'm a democrat.
Absolutely, absolutely, yeah, I just wish the parties could get together and get some stuff done instead of just having this, it's crazy divisiveness that's been going on for after about at least really heavily for the last four years, like I've never seen it before in my life.
well, I agree, I agree. There's it's a compromise for everything.
what
in
the
scene? I'm sorry, go
ahead.
Those who say the same breath though, there really is some crazy stuff and it's like the most turbulent time I've ever, I mean, I don't know about you, but this is this is the strangest year ever. Hands down mm set as well. And between like, you know, all this divisive politics and all these social issues. I mean, you know, the George Floyd thing was horrendous, There's no other way you look at that and uh and you know, I don't know are you a trump supporter?
Thanks.
that
out. Well,
I mean, well, you know, it's like my sister is a die hard republican and uh she claims that she's not even gonna she's fed up with trump she's not she's she said she's not going to vote for the president she's gonna she's gonna vote but she's gonna skip the presidential ballot which is kind
of
talk
or make you make a choice.
But yeah her first thing she's always saying you know he's got to stop tweeting
do you ever are you follow him on twitter at all you
like
because
it's true it's amazing you know like I I got on my phone I you know obviously have twitter on and they count at all and you know he'll say something and then all the comments afterwards it's amusing for like 5 10 minutes and you're like oh my God but everybody hates him loves him. There's no middle ground with him at all. It's hate, you know, best president ever or he's a piece of trash. It's
large extent.
No.
Um That's interesting. There isn't I said that's very interesting. Um
Well he's
he's a little I got to admit he's a little bit alarming. Like I turned on the debate for a little a little bit last night, but at this point I'm convinced everybody just made their opinion and it's these debates are like worthless because you know, nobody's
going to wait one or the other.
No, but I disagree with you in a sense, I don't think this country would never allow socialism to happen.
I'm
just
hoping
at
least
you're saying Obama,
I
think the democratic process would allow you if somebody got in there and got too weird and socialist, I think you could vote that person in office and that was kind of like that would kind of stop it in its tracks for the most part, you know, I think we're too independent of the country for that to really take hold could happen briefly. I definitely agree with that, but I don't think, I don't think we'll ever take roots, so to speak.
This is amazing. Next like two weeks or whatever it is now I
I'm
glued.
Uh Yeah. Yeah. Absolute. Right. one way or the other
is going
to
be
from
the Absolutely
and you know, and you also know it's going to drag out too because all of this in balloting Mayland, it's it's just not going to be decided unless it's just a wipe out,
you
know?
jesus.
well we are in the middle of a global pandemic though.
I
okay, your head is disappearing again.
Are
you a laptop?
Oh if you just like adjusted it because right now I can see you but you're I can just, your chin is gone c right more actually
may be
it's a little bit,
no you're
kidding
but it's better than before right
now.
Oh yeah, that's you there you are now.
They cut off, they cut out, I don't know if you watch movies but I always cut off the top of the head like you know they when they cut it when they fill machine, they cut it off and like
like
they're
fearful head, they kind of kind
of couple
Middle
4th or something.
Oh yeah, absolutely beautiful.
The schools are working, I have two kids there, they're they're remotely we're going to school right now.
Well I mean
yeah, no, no there we kind of gave them the decision and uh you know, my grandma, my father died a couple years ago, I was like, thanks, let me show you something real fast, This is Sputnik, She's gonna be 20 tomorrow.
but the living heck out of me for food, which you just have not only food, little area, so yes, that's funny. Taylor, you're not eating
political,
What's that? You know, she is, she's a pig, she doesn't stop, she
like, she crawls on me at night, like she rules the house will have to leave her doors open because we don't like scratch and wake everybody open, wake everybody up and then like, oh my gosh, she pinpoints me so cross on the head, she's learned to move like, like pushing moves them
and in fact,
what's that?
I would I would love to lock the door keeper out there, but I'm not going to aggravate her, she's got something when I'm not messing with, so sorry, I described national back because you realize I'm not going to be here um you know what I'm saying? Yeah, the kids are, my kids are going remote and they love their grandmother and uh my dad died a couple years ago and they just feel like they don't want to put her at home, what's going on? Hey, thank you. What? Yeah, there you go. Keep, got weird, quirky old things going, sorry, relax.
Yeah, no, she's she's doing like, she gets like, she's like, it's like she's really hairy, so she gets hairballs and stuff
and like kind of like catching her and then I got to like, I gotta kinda like particular relax your throat, so she kind of calms down a little bit, oh, doing this forever, I'm
sorry, it's distracting. Um you just go in, relax. Um So yes, the kids decide they would like, you know, they want to be around their grandmother, they want to put her at risk. So they're uh they're taking the they're taking the precaution of learning remotely at least for now. So who knows? Um you know with
with
yeah they're pretty good. Well you know we've kind of adapted pretty well too. It's all state function. I don't know about you. How how much do you get out these days?
You do
of course.
And
well
I don't like the cold, apparently the virus thrives in cold,
it's
like
that that gives you the problem like we need obviously the summer didn't really do much of anything like everybody's talking was going to go away in the summer blah blah blah. Never went away. Obviously.
Honestly, I think it was I think it was a lab in china. Absolutely. I think there's a lab in china and something happened. I read an article where even like a year before uh, this whole thing happened. There's some, there's some workers in a cave, they were cleaning definitely had something to do with bats because they were cleaning this cave that was like covered in bat species. I feel we're probably seen it or something like that and they got in there and these guys all got sick or someone got sick and then this Wuhan lab is apparently a very big, prosperous, important lab in china and then somehow another, this got there and it got out of there. I mean, I'm sure that I don't buy the whole market. I mean, I actually, that could possibly true. I don't know, but I truly believe it came out of the lab.
You're actually right, you're actually right. They didn't not acknowledge that
because remember I do remember in the beginning like the beginning was so strange. Well first I remember there was like a chinese doctor but they kind of oppressed and he died of the disease and you know give him credit for anything. Like they kind of like really tried to like shut that aside and blame him or something and then you know that it was like Italy is like getting like Northern Italy shut down and said wow, that's crazy and then you know, but it's still at that point is like it's not going to come here, you know, how is that going to
happen?
And
and also boom I saw they were like they're stopping NBA games and stuff like that and I was like whoa you know, global pandemic and it's just like damn, that's like giving him like a sledge up was really kind of shocked by it. I mean I'm kind of ignorant back then now now I know differently. But yeah, I was really surprised when I came down.
No,
my problem. My problem is rubbing alcohol, rubbing
hard to find
uh like I'm like and like amazon like amazon price gouging stuff, I don't understand how they allow it to happen, but sometimes you find like a good deal and then other times you get these ridiculous prices and it's like how amazon, why are you allowing this to happen?
Because
I'm gonna say something, they'll be like a quick response about it, but when they run out and they let third parties sell it, it just escalates like cat food as well. Uh And also a cat later, all these don't be things that you buy an amazon that I was buying up. Um Oh hey, are you there?
I thought we froze um we had technical difficulties. So yeah, the one thing is rubbing alcohol but the other weird thing is like, like I pretty much order everything from the store. For the most part, pretty much the only place to go to is uh like the liquor store, you know besides that and I'll jump into the
next.
What's
that?
Oh no there there there I'm sure the liquor stores are thriving in this. They're probably the they're probably making more money than anybody throughout this stuff. No, but I like I like always bring like, like a spray bottle with just rubbing alcohol. But now I got like these rashes on top of my hand,
like dermatitis, I don't know what the heck it is from like constantly using the rubbing alcohol, washing my hands. So like I'm like battling that with cortisone and it's kind of half work and not working. I'm going to see a dermatologist sooner or later, but a whole line, this is like a problem. Like for like for some people over washing their hands over sanitizer. But
no,
I know you're right, you're right. I know. That's also showed that a lot often, by the way, that's something I do have to get an amazon. I should put a little talavera and my strange little spray bottle. I'm like, when I go for like the crazy guy, I'm like, I taught something, I'm spraying myself down. I'm like, I'm always spraying myself down. I'm just like, I'm I'm a little bit paranoid at this point, I just don't end up on a ventilator at any point in my life. Part of that taking out fine. Just don't put me on a ventilator. I don't want that.
I'm so sorry to hear that. How long?
no.
No,
that's tough. Sorry to hear that.
Well
and I had a couple of years ago passed away and he had Alzheimer's and he had it for several years and that was well, that was that was really that was difficult. This heroin,
it just kind of like, it's just like you probably had it for a while, but it just suddenly like we just noticed, you know, like he started acting strangely and then it just came on got to the point where he couldn't like he stood up all over so he had to get had to go to like taken care of, you know, and like going to the bathroom and I don't I don't know, I'm
not even gonna go with but it was really, it was unbelievable. I'm
going,
Lord.
Probably you know just what you're saying. Probably just taken away from you so quickly and
unexpected.
Well
Was he drinking the
Lord?
Well that's that's that's great. You that they count on you you're getting you're getting from your word but no nonsense you're gonna come up. You're not going to beat the crap out of them, you know?
That's correct. I told I have older nieces are older than my kids and I've always told them the same thing, just call them up, you know or I'll get you a new breath. Well I would have got to move before the pandemic game right by rivers and lifts and all that stuff right now. But their dad speaking, you're including your product quickly. Their dad died on September 11. Um He worked for Cantor Fitzgerald. Um So yeah, that's like that, that was a sudden unexpected, that's like out of the blue. Um That was crazy. And they're like, you know, they're like you know they mr that terrible. They missed the whole idea because they were all really they were just a baby. Yeah.
My brother in law,
yeah, my sister's husband, Thank you.
It is,
it's great,
Oh I well I mean I definitely at some point somebody's gonna do something. I mean as vigilant as we are, something bad happened. Damn
Hopefully not on that scale but you know, things have happened of course, you know of course since then but oh that was just that was insane. That's crazy, wow.
Yeah. My friend called me up and he said you know, hey, I just wanna let you know, you know, playing just yeah you knew my brother in law works in the World Trade Center. He said uh you know a plane hit the World Trade Center. It was like I don't like 8 39 something like that. I create exactly the time. But I got up and I turned the tv on. There was a picture at that point the helicopters were still like or helicopters don't find the building, there's like glass shards like just floating in the air. And I'm like wow that's kind of cool looking. But I thought it was like a small plane or something.
And then I immediately where I lived then was in something called once in New Jersey was on the shore. Jersey shore. There's a place called Sandy Hook. So I drove up to like Sandy Hook is like like the point. It's like as far as you can go like on the shore. It kind of like, oh, let things like this is a military installation like back in World War Two. It's like watch for substance up there. So I drove there early and I saw the building burning and then I immediately with my sisters and what's the second it was like, all right, this is, you know, this is, you know, this is not an accident. You know, and that then just whatever it was, it was horrible.
Right. Right. I know. I know. I, you know, stupidly that I don't remember the name of the game, but I know exactly what you're talking. A really good movie actually. What
powerful
And
they just, you
know the intimate about it. Yeah, that's
the point. Depression pennsylvania Absolutely.
Yeah. To this day I still get like, we're like, I'm getting it right now. Like weird chills or strange chills. Like it's like it was just like a very traumatic event that just statements like I'm never going to lose that, you know,
it's always and sometimes people have moved on from it or they don't think of it, but that's always like, right?
no.
Yeah, that was that was a huge intelligence breakdown. I mean these guys are all flight schools in florida, you know, I mean there's like there should have been red flags going up everywhere. That's
like, I mean we're more vigilant about it now, but back then it was the c max we for lack of a better term, we got caught with their pants down without question.
Yeah. Yes, yes, we do. You know, I wouldn't say there's a large muslim population that I know of. It's pretty, it's pretty divorce in New Jersey
West part,
is it? Really? Why would that?
I
mean
you want is in ann arbor right Universe missile University of michigan ann arbor over.
you're talking like a Manchurian candidate type of stuff. You ever see that movie? Well the two of them,
the
men are the Manchurian candidate frank Sinatra and north Carvery and they made one many years later with Denzel Washington. Yes, what's the word? I know exactly you're talking
about
but
but
please
well if you have the Manchurian candidate, absolutely
Watch This, watch the Frank Sinatra one though. It's better.
I think so.
Absolutely
no.
I
called my niece yesterday, I'm I have nephews from another sister and my niece was online I guess they're doing like the driving test that were the written part like like remotely and she was taking the test for my nephew was like, come on, that's a good idea across the board. That's like,
you know. Yeah, I think it's the work of God, not that difficult. Yeah, she was, she was cheating and taking the test for again. I was like, oh
Well he's like, he's like, I don't know, he's like 20 something now. He's going through years ago. Uh, I have another niece who refuses to get a driver's license. My grandmother never, never had a driver license. I never understood that.
It's like
you get the driver is like, it's like, it's like the tickets of freedom, you know, it's like, especially when you're young, it's like I, I can go anywhere, you know.
Why.
Yeah,
That's a good question. I think we did. I definitely think we did were 5:41. You were only like three minutes late.
New studies available on prolific. My uh, do you have the prolific? Are you doing this prolific? I'm assuming. Do you have the app for prolific?
Yeah. No, I might just popped up to the other. I I did want one of these the other day. I think I was like, what was that like politic? Uh
huh.
You too. You too. Best of luck going forward. Be safe. Uh, I'm not working for the republicans. I got to tell you that. Honestly, I really I'll take joe biden with the shadowy cabal
of child molesters,
satanic bastards. I'll take that any day that we go for donald trump, but
we're just sleeping.
I think
that
It was three. You 2 are you
take care of the
statement.
Hi.
You
know,
we did this the other day to the awkward goodbye. We gotta accept. I think we just got to like just hang up