you're right. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. You need to do this work for what? Can't wait. Yeah.
Hi, Hey, how is, how's it going? Doing
good. Yeah.
Yeah. So is this your first
time doing this call
for time? Okay. Yeah, same. I feel like every call has been different. But um, yeah, I guess what I'm not. Are you in the U. S. Or any other?
Oh no, it's okay. Wow. I think you're the
first
person
I
talked
to
on prolific who's from the south. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
California. Northern
California, So, yeah.
Really far. Yeah. No, it's, yeah, pretty far. Um, yeah. How are things going in Alabama or in general? I've never really been too much of the south. Uh,
I trudging along. Yeah. I think the further south I've found as texas and even then that was in Austin. So it wasn't um, it wasn't like
too much more aside from that.
really? Okay. Nice. Yeah. Do you like, I mean have plans or like
eventually
after
covid right on visiting California or any parts of the west coast?
Yeah. Nice. Uh Okay. So what are you attending college in Alabama? Okay. It's nice. What do you study here? Okay,
cool. It's awesome.
Low.
So, so that's, this means like you're doing distance learning and everything or? Okay.
Is it like, I guess how do you find
that? Because I don't, I think right now, I don't really know that money. I know people who are like in
grade school but not in cult like an undergrad, so I'm not sure that experience is completely different now.
Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah. That's interesting. Yeah. I can't really imagine how college would feel like a distance learning. Um I feel like when I was in college, there were times when I wanted there to be a distance learning, but now I think about it like having that interaction is really nice. So yeah. Mm
I've
heard,
yeah. I've heard that like a lot of teachers
um have been struggling with that. Like I think a few of my friends or parents are elementary school teacher so probably like definitely a little different. But they said like the biggest struggle is getting everyone on the technology and you know how to use. Um And then um
it's been it's difficult. So yeah. I don't know. Yeah. I feel like I was just gonna say like I feel like working in tech like we're so used to, you know, like using zoom or using like slack or other kinds of communication. But I'm like, I feel like sometimes like this tech bubble is so real because I forget that so many people don't really use zoom or like other tools on a day to day basis. And yeah, Like Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, it's pretty intense. But I feel like even my grandparents don't know how to like these things, like, like zoom and like facetime and whatnot. So it's kind of hard to tell them how to do it because they're like, they revert back to like, they're like standard methods and it's like, no, like you need to do this and
do this. Um Yeah, so it's been, it's been interesting, but yeah,
I mean
how there's like a ton of software engineer, Well, I'm sure, you know, like a ton of software engineer jobs, like out here in California and in the west Coast in general, I think. Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm sorry. I just noticed you have a roommate in the background. Okay.
Okay. Because I couldn't tell like she was like, oh, there's a blank screen and then I was like, okay.
Yeah, I mean I guess like, well I work in tech and actually, you know, it's interesting Part of my job
actually,
90% of my job is working with engineers, so I don't know if you've heard of user experience design at all or much of it. Okay. Yeah, I guess mostly like working with engineers and getting the designs into development. So right, whatever you see in the Ui is kind of that process we're working on. Um Yeah,
worked pretty much been in California my entire life, so I feel like the tech level is pretty real, especially in Silicon Valley. Um
Yes, that's kind of what I do
on a day to
day basis and hopefully once Covid is over, be nice to kind of like explore more parts. Like
my
friends and I had been planning on going to new Orleans but that probably is not going to happen any time soon, so Yeah.
that's pretty fun. Yeah. No Japan's um
it's a nice place to go. I think, I think the biggest thing I realized that when I was in Japan was like there's no trash cans but everywhere, so clean, like there's no litter and I was like, what does everyone do with their trash? I guess they just stuff it in their bags until they get home or find a trash can somewhere else. Um That I'm sure you act your pants a pretty cool place to go. So hopefully by then cope it's over and you guys can
go on a trip or something.
Yeah.
Yeah, pretty much my entire life. Um Company I'm with right now, they're actually based in Cleveland. Ohio. so I think at some point I have to get out to Cleveland, which I'm sure is like completely different, like my coworkers tell me every day like oh it's so different here in California, I'm like yes, I'm sure it is very different, so um that's kind of something
to be
excited about, you know a lot of people are like why would you want to move to? Ohio, but I don't really see an
appeal
and
like
going to a big city like new york or
Chicago or something, so yeah, is there like anywhere that like, I mean I know you're still right like college and you have a few years uh
is
there like anywhere that you're really looking to go or you're pretty much open to wherever
and
Yeah, I mean are you like still open to staying in um Alabama, I'm not sure what the job prospects are like. Mhm
Yeah I mean but cost of the cost of living in Alabama is pretty decent
right? For the,
it was for like a lot cheaper than, well I guess in the west coast. Yeah.
Yeah, that's nice. Yeah I would say the one thing like I wouldn't miss about California is the cost of living here, it's so expensive and gas is expensive and I was telling my coworkers like the average cost for like a house would be like at least here in my areas like 404 150,000 and they were all like to think that in Ohio could
you could get like a
really really nice house for that price or even like close to a mansion, it was like here you have to have a million dollars to get a mention so it's just pretty mind
blowing to me. Um That costs and living, you know? Okay
right now uh in sacramento it is um what is? I just got gas? It's three around 3 to 3 15 but in the very like san Francisco it's like 3 50. Um
much is it in a lot cheaper?
that'd be nice
to
get
one idea. That's so, that's so nice. Okay. I guess like um so do you live in a one? Yeah of course you live in a college town right. Is it, would you say it's more lively than other parts of Alabama were like it depends.
Okay. It's interesting. What would you recommend like when Ray like when covid is over? Like for people to really like, I don't
know like I don't want to say explore because I can find that on google. But it's like what is one thing maybe about
Alabama that I could not easily
find a google. Like just like the fact or something like weird or funny or just Yeah. Okay.
That's your answer is pretty like clearance. Okay, interesting. Um
okay.
Movie.
I didn't know about the beach part actually like that surprised me. I think that his everything about the historical monuments and sites. You mentioned like we we learned a lot about in history and I think caring about what I'm surprised about the beach. Yeah. Okay.
Yeah,
that
makes
Right. Okay. I'm gonna like I need to get I feel like I need to get better acquainted with like that geography of the south because like this is random. But when I was a lot of my coworkers, they went to um, some university in Missouri I think what was it called ST louis right? Or in ST louis and I didn't realize how close ST louis was to Ohio and I don't know I just feel like I need to better record
myself
like geography too. Oh
I see okay. I see the gulf now and I see. Okay I think I see that. The town you said your film. Okay. It's pretty cool. Yeah. You're really okay. I guess you're not too far from Atlanta right on the based on the map. Have
you been to Atlanta?
Oh is that also in Georgia stand that? Okay, interesting wow. It's cool. Yeah I guess there's. Okay. Did you do probably a little bit more traveling out there? Yeah. What what I guess interested you and like uh to choose like computer science as your major
um What kinds of things? Yeah.
Yeah.
it's interesting
I think the engineers at my company, they have like them, what is it, a dungeons and dragons thing going on? I don't know if you played already get heard of that but pretty popular among engineers that are too, but yeah I have not heard of it but I haven't really played too many games but yeah. Okay
so does the dungeon master like they kind of dictate how, because I haven't played, I'm not sure but do they really dictate how the entire experience go to? Okay.
that's kind of cool. Okay I see. So like would you say like obviously like certain maybe certain people are more inclined to be better like dungeon masters
and. Okay I see. So do you think based on this like whatever assessment like you would like to be an engine master or not as much?
I see.
Got it. So there is a danger master and there's like everyone else who just play those players in this game. Okay. And then is the point of the game, you're just going through these encounters together and
working towards like
a greater goal or something?
sounds kind of cool, like I know there's some people are talking about it and I feel like hearing about the danger master think it sounds intriguing,
but
I
also,
I don't know if I would like to be the dungeon master either because I feel like it's a lot of responsibility, right? Like making sure the game goes
well. Yeah. Okay, interesting.
Yeah. Is there like what else do you like enjoy doing when you know you're not like
doing distance learning or playing games?
So it's pretty nice. Yeah, lot of what do you watch on Youtube? So I feel like I'm asking you like a big questions.
Oh cool. Yeah. Well that's pretty cool. Okay.
I actually
didn't know about the watching people play puzzle. Didn't puzzle. That's pretty cool. Okay, do you like
go ahead?
okay. I wasn't actually
physical.
because I guess I was going to leave me to my next question, which is like, do you enjoy like putting together puzzles? But I guess since you that was
kind
of
trying to think like do you enjoy playing digital puzzle puzzles or just you like the actual like tangible feeling of like putting something together physically?
I would say like, yeah, I agree with you. Like I feel like a digital puzzle doesn't really feel the same. It's like I feel like I'm just kind of, I can zone out what I want. Yeah there's like a super, if you ever go to san Francisco there's a super cool um museum it's called, what is it called? It's been the wall I guess. It's not even see myself. Explorer exploratorium and it is yeah exploratorium in san Francisco it's like pretty close to downtown and it's just really neat because they used to have all these cool like science and art and just like like anything that had to do with like stuff I think and it was very interactive. So like on thursday nights there would be like a session dedicated specifically
to like whatever was theme for the week. So I remember like there was like a food theme and then there was like an electricity theme or like a water theme, just like you know Covid's over and you know these they open up and everything like it's pretty interactive really hands on so I thought that was a good experience,
you
know? And then I guess on that second there's also something called the Academy of Sciences, it's more I guess scientific more science based but it's still um pretty awesome. They have these things called like the night life events and I think oh actually maybe they're both but I'm just on their website. Oh no they're virtual man. Okay anyways I don't know what their virtual events are like but they're yeah you're ever in san Francisco like I said there in person events, it is pretty cool and pretty interactive. So yeah like a lot of people like we were still working in the office like it was like kind of like the office thing to do right? Like thursday nights, head
of the exploratorium and see what there is. Um Yeah so just something if you're ever out in the west Coast.
There's also, I feel like I'm just giving you all these wrecks but there's also this aquarium in Monterey which is like like Monterey California and
it's a huge
aquarium. And
I don't know like
when
I went
I thought it was kind of like the reviews I heard. I feel like we're kind of overrated. Like it's awesome that I like it but I think it's one of those experiences where everyone hyped it up so much. And then when I went I was like it's just kind of like a standard aquarium.
I
don't
know like
everyone made it sound like it was like the aquarium and it is really neat like and if you ever get a chance to check it out like you should, it's awesome and it's really pretty like by the seaside, right? Um But I don't know, I feel like the experience is a little over hyped. So uh
yeah, when I think of your student, you get a discount. I mean, well, I wouldn't want to just sit and so I do remember that part. Uh Yeah, so that's another thing too. Yeah. You know, check out with your here.
Yeah, it helps a lot. Yeah.
Um I think,
those are some of the big things. Are there like, similar? Well, I'm sure like, obviously like in Alabama, there's a like similar museums or exploratory ums in the area.
What? It sounds pretty neat. Okay.
this looks pretty neat actually. Ok.
I
that
sounds pretty cool. Okay. Like I would really like something like,
was just
thinking
like an experience I had and I think it was in Los Angeles. It was something like what you describe, but I don't know, it's just been such a long time since I've been to one of those kind of attractions. And right, with Covid, it doesn't help that you can't really
go out and do that right now,
but mm hmm.
that's pretty cool. Okay. I don't think I've ever seen a fox in a zoo before. We have like bears here, obviously. But uh, there's
a lion's, I guess pretty standard. Okay. But I haven't seen a fox before, so that's pretty neat. What, like what exhibits like did you want to see that were shut down?
What martel's do you have about? Uh,
Okay. Okay. Okay. That's cool. Nice. How long have you? It's kind of look
Nice. And there, are they at home or did you bring them to school?
So yeah. Yeah, I look. Okay. I looked them up and I, yeah, I think I remember what the bearded monitor, bearded dragon looks like. Yeah, interesting. Okay.
there was like one exit, one zoo in, in Los Angeles and it has an entire section like a little bit on a tangent, but it's like
dedicated
to snakes and that was, I don't know, kind of like, well, because just like you have like, I don't know, like 50 different types of snakes just chilling in these cages, but
Cool. Okay. I see. Yeah, awesome.
Um well I have to probably hop back onto work. It's like, well, it's, I guess it's like 3 30 over here, so I'm assuming it's six PM or 6 30. And are you guys
5 30? Okay. I keep thinking
like this last time. Okay, Cool. Well
yeah. Likewise. Um yeah, good luck with school and everything else for the rest of this year. Okay.
You
too.