but uh
I'm going to tell you.
Okay.
No,
I think this is like my fourth at this point.
I'm in the U. S. Uh north Alabama.
We
were.
It's
restrained
expression
on.
Don't you worry about what about you?
Got
you Your real far away. Okay.
You're not missing too much. I can tell you that. Um It's been all right. The state itself is in shambles, but we're still going.
Thanks.
Uh huh. Can't you see, I think the furthest towards you I've been as austin as well, so
Most
recent
election.
Um I guess probably after college, wherever my job will take me. Um After after covid though. Honestly, I just want to have a nice relaxing time just with friends, I guess.
Computer science.
Currently a freshman. So I think
this.
Mhm. I've got one class that's in person and the rest of them and pretty much just online only. Okay,
thank
you.
Yeah, well I mean uh the campus and city itself are pretty much empty most of the days. Um Except
during like lunchtime and stuff. But the classes themselves, they're not they're not too bad, but it's definitely not the same interaction with the teachers that you would normally get, I'm sure.
Yeah, I think that the uh the distance learning has helped a little bit with like some classes maybe, but some of the teachers just aren't, they're not they weren't ready for it, they just have no idea how to how to cooperate with the uh you know, electronics and the internet and stuff. They they're just clueless
to
me.
His.
I can just. Mhm.
I definitely feel that um sometimes you just get so caught up in like using technology or like yeah people, some people just don't know about it.
conditions.
Mhm.
It is not.
Um
So I guess what do you do any free time and stuff?
He was actually just, yeah.
What she's noticed that a roommate he just got back and sat down. Yeah.
if
you
Yeah.
Mhm.
What's
this?
I don't
know.
yeah. Mhm. Uh we've got a couple of our friends from back home hoping to uh probably go to Japan or some way of once Kobe is done and once we're out of college
network.
And
hopefully by then. Yeah, I sure hope so. Thank you. Uh
So are you, have you been in northern California your whole life? Did you move there for work?
You
have to.
They
are
looking
for
water.
The
woman.
I'd
say I'm pretty much open to anywhere. Uh Hopefully someplace I can afford a place but uh
Um There I mean I imagine that there's some companies but that probably doesn't even compare to like the bigger cities. Um Yeah I'm not entirely too sure.
Very careful
means.
definitely.
Get
out.
It's
I don't I don't really know how much a whole house would cost down here. Uh So do you said like how much is gas up there?
Now um
I want to say it was definitely in the $2 range. Let's see gas
station. Uh I've got a couple that are like 1 90
up to like 2
30.
so I'm in Birmingham, which was essentially just a town that a college took over, like every corner of just an entire huge section of the city is just a college. Um So I guess that uh well I've only ever been up here really daring, covid, so I'm not sure how it normally compares, but I'm from a small town down south Alabama mobile. Uh and it's uh downtown is kind of busy, but the exact area where I'm from is uh it's definitely probably a lot less people.
She.
Okay. Thank you.
Anything.
I've been wondering the same thing all my life.
Um
I guess the thing is like uh the google will tell you like the uh the USs Alabama battleship, but I mean I've been there before and like for Condi which is like an old military fort, but I've been there before, so I'm kind of like numb to all of these different things that are already in my area because I've seen it and I've experienced it. Uh but yeah, I mean I'm sure there's there's some cool stuff, there's like uh areas to go caving in and uh things differ all throughout Alabama. Usually up North Huntsville and Birmingham are two of the bigger cities. Huntsville has like a whole Nasa center and stuff um
And and then tuscaloosa and auburn, around uh Montgomery in the middle of the state. Uh Probably some, you can find some civil rights stuff in Montgomery. Um No, they're just big historic things and in south Alabama is like you've got the beach and some other things I guess.
uh
the gulf of the gulf is like a big selling point of Alabama. Uh
maybe
not as much since VP oil spill, but people still go out there all the time.
that's
great,
actually,
yeah, not not incredibly too far.
Um I actually don't know if I did, it would have been when I was a lot younger, but um I don't think I've been to like the heart of Atlanta, I might have been somewhere near, let's see where is um Stone Wells? Okay, Yeah, I would have been, I would have gone through Atlanta to go to Stone Mountain.
mhm. Uh I've been in so computers and games and stuff ever since I was a small kid, so I felt it was pretty natural
really anything um I grew up with a lot of first person shooters, but um now I'll hop into uh really, anything
on my councils have been playing a lot of party games with friends online as of now and data, yeah, I guess I enjoy some platformers, I'm still kind of in the first person shooters, I'll hop into an RPG sometimes, it really just depends on the day I guess, and how much time have
you?
I've done it a few times, uh the uh Leader dungeon master that I had was uh not the greatest, so it wasn't too great of an experience, but I had uh one section, that was pretty good I'd say, but I've only done it like maybe 23 times, really?
so they're the one that kind of like creates the world and tells the story and set you up with all the encounters and stuff.
definitely.
Okay I think that I would probably better off not being uh it's a lot of storytelling and uh
coming up with uh like on the spot things and I'm just I would have to spend a lot of time just making sure everything's right.
different
pretty
much. Um Then of course depends on you know the story that's being told. Um Sometimes you know it's to get an ancient relic or something or maybe it's just you know kill a leader, you can really do anything with it. Yeah.
I want
to
be
with someone.
definitely.
What about yeah
the plan.
Um Honestly if I'm not like doing like in a class of writing up a paper uh then I'll be just talking with friends on discord or playing games and if I'm not doing that I'm probably just watching Youtube or asleep.
that's fine. Um I've got a few different like sub sets I guess. Um I watch a guy play a lot of puzzle games among us has been huge, so I've been watching some of that um sketches
with
me.
It's
not a not like physical jigsaw puzzles, there are like video games that are just yeah,
I don't I
don't really know how to explain it. Mhm.
I
do
though, I definitely do. Yeah.
So we I have tried doing like the digital puzzles and some of them online with friends and stuff. Uh and those are fun just to interact, but I've always been a fan of like building things like legos and uh connects and puzzles and things like that. Yeah. Mhm.
Nothing.
Gosh
it looks pretty cool. It's based on what I'm seeing at it right now.
Shit.
Yeah that sounds that sounds real fun. I'm a big fan of like you know aquariums, things like that so just having some hands on with technology sounds really cool. Mhm.
the whole
works.
Thank
you.
Thank
you.
I want
to
make
trouble.
Catch you.
Can't complain about a discount
a little different
the market. Yeah.
Yeah. So let's see down south. We have the Dolphin Island Sea Lab which I think I've only been to like once
it's there. I'm sure you can like uh that dolphins and stuff maybe. I don't quite remember but it's just like a big aquarium and things like that.
Um And we also have an explore e. Um which is like they have a
set theme. Um And they have like it's just like a museum of all kinds of different things. Like one time they had you know uh dinosaurs or something and just told you all about dinosaurs. And they also have like general science stuff like how converting energy into their food into energy works. And then they also have an imax connected to it which will show like just huge you know movies and stuff like
that
but it didn't
take
much.
Big business.
this
Um Let's see. Uh Can you go like Montgomery has a a big zoo. I'm not sure how it's been affected with Covid but the Birmingham Zoo I went a couple of weekends ago and it was pretty good. Uh There were some exhibits of course shut down, which was a little bit upsetting, but other than that it was a community of people, some cool stuff, bad foxes and seals and otters, so.
What?
I was really hoping to go into the reptile exhibit, I've got uh two of them at home and uh so I was hoping to you know, kind of see a lot more, but uh yeah that was completely shut down. Uh The otters were nowhere to be seen, which was a little upsetting. Uh It's me restrictions, I can't really think off the top of my head, they were planning on creating a whole new area. Uh But of course that wasn't ready yet, so. Mhm.
I've got a bearded dragon and a savannah monitor.
Gosh, I think I've had them at least like two or 2 to 3 years. Somewhere around there,
No we had to keep them at home. My dad's uh made their own little uh play area for him pretty much.
For different reasons.
What do you
mean?
That way
People
5 30.
Where's the trouble?
Got you. It was nice meeting.
Thank you. Have a good
one.