SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah yeah yeah yeah. Mhm Mhm. Okay. Mhm Mhm Mhm Mhm. Come on Yeah yeah yeah thank you mm. Okay. Right yeah yeah yeah yeah. Mhm. Yeah Mhm mm. Okay yeah yeah I heard you yeah yeah. Mhm Mhm. Never Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Okay Yeah. Mhm Mhm Mhm. Okay. Mhm Mhm Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Hi
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: were you waiting long?
SPEAKER_L: No not at all about five minutes so
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: not too bad. How about you? Mm
SPEAKER_R: Um no I was just I forgot about the survey before him and I was like oh God I hope it's not like a long survey was like two questions. Yeah. Wait uh do we have a Q she for what we're supposed to be conversing on?
SPEAKER_L: honestly on the instructions it just said uh Have a conversation, make sure you go for 25 minutes and it didn't really have any like any format or anything like that. It just said to keep talking for 25 minutes pretend that you know you met somebody in a new social situation and you're just
SPEAKER_R: And.
SPEAKER_L: getting to know them I guess. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: Well I'm in Chicago, where are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Denver colorado so
SPEAKER_R: I love Denver. I I was there a couple of years ago and it's just apart from being you know beautiful naturalistic, we had a great time. Uh It was nice to get out of the urban area for a minute and just like being that you know that landscape and I love mountains and you know I live in Chicago now but I'm from michigan, it's just like very flat over here so it was just a nice change of view, changes scenery. Yeah I like I really liked it, I thought it was great. I considered like staying out there for an extended period and probably would like would like to do that in the future. Have you
SPEAKER_L: then
SPEAKER_R: have you lived there for your whole life or death situation?
SPEAKER_L: Um no I've been here for 20 years now. I was actually born in Michigan to you know river rafting down river. So You know I was born into your born and lived there until I was about 10 or 11 and then moved out to Colorado with my parents and I've been here ever since. But yeah, I love it out here, I do miss michigan, a lot of people think I'm crazy at times, but
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: so you know, I missed the water and you know it's a little, it's dry out here and hot, I kind of miss having you know different
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: seasons I guess it's going a little bit too sunny out here all the time for me.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, Denver is a little landlocked. Um Yeah. Well I was born in Saginaw, we used to go out to case fill in the summer and camping there. I've been a dearborn in that area a few times. It's cool. I like it. Yeah. I don't think anyone can blame you for missing michigan, you know? It's pure michigan for a reason. Yeah. Did you do did you do your schooling in colorado as well?
SPEAKER_L: Um Yeah, it was uh I finished high school in Colorado and I went to a community college for quite a few years and never really finished my bachelor's degree, I wound up with an associates degree eventually and I can never really decide on what I wanted to do. So what about you, uh what
SPEAKER_R: Well I
SPEAKER_L: you're doing?
SPEAKER_R: want to add that one to you of them and then from there I went to a Albuquerque and Montreal boston. You set it up in Chicago.
SPEAKER_L: So you did your undergrad at U. Of them?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and I only have an undergrad.
SPEAKER_L: Okay well that's
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: What did you study there? It's a great school.
SPEAKER_R: Anthropology. Yeah. I always thought I was going to do more schooling but I was just after all after that I was just like I know I think I'm good. What did what did you study? Sorry, I didn't ask.
SPEAKER_L: Oh no it's all good. Um I was studying engineering um and then I
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: I don't know I made it, I I always thought I was good at math I guess and as I got older and I don't know, I eventually got to calculus to and I just kind of like started feeling like I wasn't going to be able to make it through this math class, so I had like a I don't know what kind of broke down and realize, you know, I can't be an engineer if
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: can't get through this like these last couple math classes and um yeah I just kind of quit at that point, you know kind of regret it. Uh I've been thinking about you know going back and try and I feel like if I kind of applied myself and didn't over schedule myself I could actually get through it, you know? Right, okay.
SPEAKER_R: wow that is like so similar to my father's experience. Uh He he has an associates degree in electrical engineering,
SPEAKER_L: You know why?
SPEAKER_R: he started going to michigan state right and Engineering. And then um well as it's told to me by my mom, he basically partied out and um but you know I don't know like because engineering to me just seems so far out there because I am not I am not math, I am not science. And to like how far how far do you really have to get in Math and could you go ahead and keep talking? I'm so sorry, I have to get my charger, but it's just over there. I can hear you.
SPEAKER_L: Oh okay. Yeah, you're perfectly fine. Um So yeah for uh I guess how far I would have to go in math nick. Most engineers, I mean I basically would have like two more classes to go I calculus stops at Cal three. Um I think some engineer is like especially if you're an electrical engineer after top three, they go on to do like when your algebra and probably yeah, I
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: don't know, maybe differential equations or something like that, they might have to do one extra course in that, but it's really not a whole lot. And everybody kind of says calculus too is you know, by
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: far the most challenging class to do for that degree. Um and then once you get through that top three is a little bit easier. And allegedly I've heard that linear algebra, a lot of people actually really like that class and they tell me it's actually like describe it as fun, which I found shocking. Um and I was always kind of curious about what it was all about, but um yeah, but
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: just couldn't get through that one class unfortunately.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. True. Yeah, I can't even spell linear algebra. I mean, I would like, I think I may have done geometry in high school and that's like as far as I'm not Yeah, I just, I can't even for you to, for you to even get to like talc to like that's amazing. That's astonishing man, can't
SPEAKER_L: How?
SPEAKER_R: you can like, you can like cheap meth Right.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I guess I could I think about that a lot of, you know, I try and
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: I don't know a lot of times I kind of stuff for me not to personally feel horrible about what happened with my math education, but you know
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: when I do think about it, you know, I talked to other people, you know, disarm, you know never you know did college of or anything like that and they say you know what you know you
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: made it really far and I guess it's true you know there I think you know they're probably I guess there aren't a whole lot of people who you know wind up going that far in math and then stopping. Um So yeah I mean I feel like I could you know kids that are doing like high school level math and stuff like that you know I
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: probably could tutor those kids you know and um yeah I've kind of thought about uh maybe that's something I should try doing. I've heard that there's some like you know kind of site similar to this I guess where you can do like micro task getting paired up with you know I guess yeah online learners or whatever you know do like a virtual you know tutoring session with them. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, math is certainly a skill in in demand, you know? And and I think I think when I say about my math experience, I think that that's most people's math experience. So I would say that most people like don't don't really attain those upper levels of math knowledge. Like that's like that's a that's a I'm as I'm as like, you know, I feel I feel that way about about like calculus to as I feel about like people doing crazy art, people, people being like crazy talented and and you know, laying out laying out these incredible sculptures and just there's so much great art. Like these artists right now are their stuff. Looks like photographs. That's and that is like that's how I think about like upper levels of math. I'm like that's those two those two talents are like on par.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah I guess it's just one of those things where like if I don't know if it doesn't click with you you feel like I don't know you feel like it's like almost like impossible for like that's kind of like the way I feel about art personally is when I see people who are able to draw well and things like that, I just think like wow it doesn't matter if I practice all day for the rest of my life, like I'll never be able to get on that level you know? Uh And I just wonder if it's something you know people are kind of born with you know or you know not it's weird you know in some ways I think that like you know people actually like everyday people who don't really you know maybe they're not mathematicians, they still use like a lot of like calculus in their everyday lives. Like you know if you're doing something like driving a car for example and the person in front of you is slowing down and you're thinking about you know how hard you need to push on the brake pedal that slow down you know in time without crashing and crashing into them and that's basically just like a calculus function right there. You know it's just like looking at the rape over time so that was like you know they may not be like calculus. You know they're not calculating the exact values. They're still thinking about things like I guess in a mathematical way like you know that's similar to you know what you're asked to do in calculus I guess. But I think where I kind of had a real hard time that I think is kind of identify with. You know, I guess students who stop studying math at lower levels, I think like for me, I'm really bad at like doing calculations in my head. Like I rely on my calculator, like I absolutely need that. Like even if I'm at a cash register, you know, I've got some pretty far in math, but I honestly I'm terrible at doing like basic edition in my head. Like it takes me a really long time. I kind of feel like that's kind of like what a lot of people go through in math is. They kind of feel like they're being, I feel like people feel like they're being asked to be like human calculators or something and they're just like, you know, I'm not a computer, I don't think like that, I can't do this or something, you know, where I think if they had the tool tools there to help
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: them
SPEAKER_R: question.
SPEAKER_L: then they could go a lot farther in math and you know, unfortunately in calculus um you know, I never really knew this when I was studying math, but like I always thought I would be able to use my calculator, you know uh as I progressed and um so I guess a lot of things I didn't really learn, like I should have and I yeah, it's always relied on my calculator and then when I finally got to college and I took calculus one and found out that they don't let you use a calculator at all, you have to calculate everything by hand. And uh you know just even like basic stuff like working with like doing basic edition, you know basic operations on fractions or something like that. It's like that's something I don't do in my head every day. I can't even remember how to do it honestly. Like I just I need my calculator there to do it. So for me and calculus it was like I was kind of like I had to go back and learn all the stuff that I would, you know, and learned a long time ago that I just kind of felt like, I don't know, uh you get what I'm saying I guess.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You I get what you're saying and if I may offer um from what you said earlier about, you know, you don't know if artists are born with it or if they're you know whatever. I think that I think there is like an innate, like there's an aptitude for our being artistic and creative, like there's an aptitude for math. But I think that no matter you know how you're born, what you're what times you're born with, it's always like you get better at them through external means. Like I think that I think that great artists, even the ones that are making like entire entire pieces of work with like one line or something, I still think that you know, they
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: have benefited from an art class and have learned a lot from you know, being taught you know, even if it's like you know being exposed to a different medium or um being exposed to like different people in a class and like and like what they have to offer. I think that that I think it's like a little of column A, a little of column B. And I think that you're I think that you're like you're urinate math talent can also be developed and you were mentioning about the you know the basic things that you can't do in your head, people can learn that like you can learn that but not everybody, not everybody can go on to like couch to. And I honestly think that like if you were the like um really do something in math backs like it just kinda memorize the math facts basically because I used to computer like very you know younger Children so I could I could somewhat handle you know, the arithmetic and and that kind of stuff, but it basically comes down to like math facts and just kind of like having in your head like the more minor calculations and I think that I think that like, and I understand what you, what you say when you're like, oh I, you know, you think you like mess yourself up by doing everything on a calculator. I did that, I did that for music because instead of being able to read music, I just was writing the letters of the notes underneath the notes. And so I like I really robbed myself of the ability to like recognize in A in a C and A B. And and like the like because I was just giving myself the answers and making it as easy as possible for myself. And so I like I robbed myself of that skill set and I never really um you know, got into being really good at clarinet or piano or whatever it was I was going for.
SPEAKER_L: sure he is that is that what you, have you tried playing clarinet or in the
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: past or?
SPEAKER_R: Well, I mean I did that in the 6th grade or was it seventh? I don't remember. Uh
SPEAKER_L: I kind of did the same thing in middle school with uh you know, orchestra. I got tried to learn how to play the viola and uh kind of had the same thing, you know, where I was just like the student really apply myself to learn how to read, you know, sheet music properly. And it was always just kind of taking these shortcuts, like kind of doing it in my mind more like tablets or something like that. You know, if you've ever seen like tablet for guitar or they kind of just like show you like, I don't know, not like they kind of this number out like where to put your fingers instead of like the actual notes, you know?
SPEAKER_R: okay. I think, I think I'm familiar with it slightly, yep.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I kind of, you know, I hear what you're saying there. It's, yeah, one of those things, I kind of, yeah, I did the same thing myself, you know, But it's something that, yeah, it's never too late, I guess, to go back and try again, you know, it's something that I've been trying to tell myself recently, you know, get motivated to get back
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: into learning again.
SPEAKER_R: That was skill man, that was skill and I just think that there might be less, there might be even less of that like good math knowledge out there nowadays, even even more so than like back when, you know, you and I were in school, so I graduated high school in 2000 for what it's worth. So, you know, but you know, I wouldn't even, I have nieces and nephews and I wouldn't even really encourage them to go to college unless they were going into something that we're actually requires college. Like do you want to be a lawyer, a doctor, a teacher, an engineer? Like I want like I like and I'm not saying that other majors aren't valid but I would even I would put more stock in like if one of my nieces and nephews wanted to go to a trade school, I would 1,000% like I would pay for that, I'd pay for them to go and
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: do that. I think that that makes a living. And I think that those kind of, I'm saying those kinds of trade skills are so much in demand because as people have gone, a lot of people have graduated and got their bachelor's degrees and have gotten you know studied Russian literature and women's studies and anthropology and like and as far as like you know being in demand, like I've never seen anyone being like oh my god fine I need this four year anthropology degree person. I need to I gotta have that that's that's the skill I need. You know I think that I wouldn't I don't like think class in my degree. I don't think less of people that studied more like abstract stuff. And I just think that the demand right now for hard skill sets like math like engineering is just like it has increased. Oh
SPEAKER_L: You know, and that's, I mean it's kind of unfortunate in a way, and a lot of ways that I look at it, um Let's just say, I graduated in 2004, so we're pretty close
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: and see, oh yeah, that, you know, I I uh looking back, I mean, you know, I think I was kind of pushed into kind of going into engineering because that's what everybody always told me. Like, you know, if you want to get a job, you know, make decent money like, you know, definitely do this, you know, guaranteed, you know, be able to have a job out of high school and you know, it's like, that's like the most sure fire way to have like a stable good paying career I guess. But you know, then I started I don't know seeing a lot of my friends that would graduate with their bachelor's and you know and they would finish engineering school and you know they would be in like a real similar job situation where I was at you know only halfway through my schooling and sometimes I look at it like man I really dodged a bullet there that I didn't you know go for two more years and you know end up owing like 100,000 more dollars and you know still not have you know a high paying job or anything like that. So I wonder you know yeah if I could go back do I? Uh I mean I even did go actually I went to trade school but I just didn't really you know I studied I went to automotive school for a couple of years when I was in high school and I completed it but I wasn't really where I needed to be to like start getting a sc certifications and things like that. I just didn't know it well enough and I can always thought like, you know, I don't want to be wrench in my entire life. Like that sounds like my cats trying to get on the camp. Sorry.
SPEAKER_R: We have a cat. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: that's my cat.
SPEAKER_R: I don't have a tuxedo cat. I have two of them.
SPEAKER_L: Do you have? Awesome? Yeah, you should show him to me.
SPEAKER_R: they're explained things so I don't
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: even
SPEAKER_L: they are.
SPEAKER_R: want because
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: well,
SPEAKER_R: but if they were around I would totally show you whoever was closest to me. That's
SPEAKER_L: that's happened.
SPEAKER_R: crazy. What's your cats?
SPEAKER_L: How old are your cats
SPEAKER_R: Oh my cats turn one April 23.
SPEAKER_L: 1? Oh you got them both at the same time or they hang glitter or?
SPEAKER_R: yeah I wanted them to have each other. Like I went to foster a cat but I just wanted to get like a pair of cats because I wanted them to have each other while I was gone at work dependent. But yeah, they're they're brother and sister. The girl's name is Doctor muffins and the guy's name is mack mittens. Yeah. What's your cat's name?
SPEAKER_L: I named her molly and
SPEAKER_R: That's you.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, thanks. And she's like about four years old right now and actually I'm bringing back, she might come back over so you can see she has a she's death. There's one interesting thing about her and she also has um uh this a developmental disorder that they call Sarah Beller hyperplasia. Well I guess like the cerebellum, it's like portion of that brain that I think controls like basic like motor movement and balance and um kind of real like, basic things like that was underdeveloped because I guess her mom got some kind of future I think. So I forget which disease it was. But I guess if the mother is hearing kittens and has this disease, then oftentimes you had the kittens will be born with this underdeveloped portion of their brain. So when we first got her, she was like, we thought maybe she had like Parkinson's or something like that, because her head would always like bob bob around and she had it really bad, like tremor and she would just like kind of fall over randomly and like run into stuff all the time. Um But luckily she's kind of growing out of it quite a bit now, you can almost can't even really tell that she's impaired anymore, she doesn't want him up on the stuff or jump up onto anything, but
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: other
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: than that
SPEAKER_R: no note,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, she's an interesting cat for sure. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I'm calling that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, best friend, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's so warm. And I have oh hi. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Of course. Right,
SPEAKER_R: the well
SPEAKER_L: know, so it's got the exact same,
SPEAKER_R: this is that
SPEAKER_L: color patterns, molly, That's
SPEAKER_R: she has, she
SPEAKER_L: cute.
SPEAKER_R: has a milk dribble herbal. Her brother doesn't have a milk dribble, but she does baby fine. Oh
SPEAKER_L: get molly back over here, come on boy and try and teach your sign language, usually respond to that, you know the hand signal, but
SPEAKER_R: what? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Uh
SPEAKER_R: it's okay, muffins is done. Oh look it look at a kitty.
SPEAKER_L: gas cats for you never want to cooperate.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I love I love their little attitudes, I love where, I love their sassy, spunky nous, I'm into it. So
SPEAKER_L: Have you always had cats? Are these your first ones or?
SPEAKER_R: we had a cat growing up but it was it was it was like a stray cat would be kind of like, okay, he's our cat and it wasn't really that long. And I guess my mom had ptsd about cats and yeah, one day Stormy jumped on her and then that was it for Stormy, he had to go.
SPEAKER_L: No dang. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I didn't know that, that was the thing until she I always thought she was allergic to cats and then she came over here to stay with me and she was she was like so afraid of my cats because they, you know, they crawl up on things and they get close to you, right? She was like, not having it, I was like, oh my God, mom, I had no idea that it was a pTSD thing, I always thought it was her allergies.
SPEAKER_L: totally, you know I met a lot of people like that that you know, they didn't grow up with cats and they're like truly really like seriously afraid of them, you know I kind of have like a similar thing with like big dogs and stuff because I never had a dog growing up so I'm just kind of like intimidated by him, you know and I, you mean cats, they just seem you know like they're so Dante and gentle and stuff that you know, it's hard, it's tough for me to imagine how, you know people are afraid of them. But I guess I did have one one cat who was I think he was like part maine coon or something, he was pretty large and when he would he was an indoor cat. So when I had to bring him in when he would escape, get outside and I try and bring him in, he would just freaking, you know, Claude the heck out of me. And after being attacked by that cat then I really realized like now I see why people are so afraid about making vicious at times. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I think I have a fear of all sides animals like in the wild, like if I were to cross paths with like a raccoon or something, I would be freaked out. But
SPEAKER_L: that's good,
SPEAKER_R: every
SPEAKER_L: that's healthy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but I actually like if I saw like a bird that would be okay and a rabbit seems fine too, and a dog who was like with a human fine, I just, I just don't think I have a very natural fear of just like animals in general, just like, oh, I will avoid you. I you know, and and it's weird because I can look at animal videos all day because there you and they're interesting but to be up and up close, unless I'm at a zoo then like I'm just like, I don't I don't like to see them in my, my daily life.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I hear that
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. I don't know how much time you spend in michigan, but I grew up with a lot of people who are hunters and a lot of my family they hunt too. And uh yeah, I really love, I really love dear that
SPEAKER_L: Have you been have you been hunting yourself or
SPEAKER_R: whoa, I won't I won't kill one,
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: aren't in here?
SPEAKER_R: that's like just like this beautiful creature. Have you ever seen one jump? That's good.
SPEAKER_L: You know it's amazing. Yeah, that's what they can hear. Oh my God.
SPEAKER_R: I think, I think I I think I wouldn't mind being around a deer come to think of it and I have
SPEAKER_L: but that can be pretty scary.
SPEAKER_R: everybody works as well, so
SPEAKER_L: What? Uh Sorry, what was that?
SPEAKER_R: I have ridden horses as well, so.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, Oh yeah, seahorses freaked me out, I've
SPEAKER_R: Oh do they?
SPEAKER_L: been on a horse a few times, but I used, one of my past girlfriends was like a hunter jumper, like really into horseback riding and when you went away to college I was I had I was taking care of her horse for a while and I don't know, I was always so intimidated by him and he would always try and kick me when I was trying to clean his shoes, you know, always scared the heck out. I mean
SPEAKER_R: they're not they're not super into that. Yes. Not it's not their favorite thing, but Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: There were two. Yeah, they can be pretty scary when, you know, up close. I've always heard that you know, they, you know, people, I think deer are responsible for like more, you know, wildlife attacks than like any other, you know animal. I've always heard that you know, in colorado, you're much more likely to get attacked by like a deer than a mountain lion or something like that. I've had times where I've been riding my bike on the trail up in the mountains and come around a turn and there's like a deer standing on the trail, like literally a couple of feet in front of me and it's like, oh my God, you see how big they are. So it's a lot different up close for sure, that it's
SPEAKER_R: they will attack you. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: apparently they like, you know, with their hooves, they'll just kind of, you know, get up on two ft and just kind of like, you know, punchy I guess. And if,
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: know, if you spoke of my guests are getting between, you know, the mom and the young one probably.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, all moms are like that. But uh what kind of teeth do dear have? Do they eat meat or not?
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. I think they're strictly vegetarian, so I would assume similar to horse shoes, I would think, but I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: That would I guess I would still hurt you if they were to top down on. Yeah. And I can't imagine I can't imagine a deer being hostile. I can imagine a mom being hostile and her Children were around. But I can't imagine like I get like a deer like stepping up to you for no reason. I can't imagine that. I just that that's not the that's not how I think about gears. How many?
SPEAKER_L: most people don't Yeah, that's for sure. I was shocked when I heard that myself to you. For sure.
SPEAKER_R: What crazy cats would be like that if they were a little taller and all the while they would they would totally stop on the path. They were totally started like pie. Like how well it'll kill you. Oh my God, those oh my love my kids. So is this thing gonna end automatically or do we just end it?
SPEAKER_L: Um I think I'm gonna click back under the southern page here in a second. I think we're okay to end it after 25 minutes. I'll double check here. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think I think so too. I wonder I forgot. So I kept the other page open so I could answer the survey. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think uh
SPEAKER_R: Tell me do we have to X out of this window or?
SPEAKER_L: um Let's see here. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. How fall?
SPEAKER_L: Okay. So it says when your conversation is complete. Um Please return to this browser tab the one with the survey to continue your participation. Um So yeah, it sounds like we should be good.
SPEAKER_R: Well, we can X out of here. All right. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: For those good knocking Tears.
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: 45
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: minutes.
SPEAKER_R: I know. It was nice talking to you too. It's so nice. It's just so nice. High randomly meet people from michigan like often. Yeah. All
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: right.
SPEAKER_L: We've done many video converse. Like many any studies like this on here before?
SPEAKER_R: Well, I had a group conversation where we were like assigned a task that was on sunday. Yeah, but I never had a one on one before.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. This is my first one, too, so Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: well, I hope
SPEAKER_L: All right. Turn.
SPEAKER_R: I hope they're all as good as this one.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Likewise, for sure.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, all right. Dude. Well, it's nice. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Likewise, take care and
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: take care of your cats.
SPEAKER_R: Let's
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: walk on everything calculus, calculus. Your brain out, man. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
SPEAKER_R: You're welcome. Bye.
SPEAKER_L: All right. All right.