Hi
were you waiting long?
Well
Um no I was just I forgot about the survey before him and I was like oh God I hope it's not like a long survey was like two questions. Yeah. Wait uh do we have a Q she for what we're supposed to be conversing on?
And.
Well I'm in Chicago, where are you?
I love Denver. I I was there a couple of years ago and it's just apart from being you know beautiful naturalistic, we had a great time. Uh It was nice to get out of the urban area for a minute and just like being that you know that landscape and I love mountains and you know I live in Chicago now but I'm from michigan, it's just like very flat over here so it was just a nice change of view, changes scenery. Yeah I like I really liked it, I thought it was great. I considered like staying out there for an extended period and probably would like would like to do that in the future. Have you
have you lived there for your whole life or death situation?
Well.
Well
yeah, Denver is a little landlocked. Um Yeah. Well I was born in Saginaw, we used to go out to case fill in the summer and camping there. I've been a dearborn in that area a few times. It's cool. I like it. Yeah. I don't think anyone can blame you for missing michigan, you know? It's pure michigan for a reason. Yeah. Did you do did you do your schooling in colorado as well?
Well I
want to add that one to you of them and then from there I went to a Albuquerque and Montreal boston. You set it up in Chicago.
Yeah and I only have an undergrad.
I don't
Anthropology. Yeah. I always thought I was going to do more schooling but I was just after all after that I was just like I know I think I'm good. What did what did you study? Sorry, I didn't ask.
Well
I
was
wow that is like so similar to my father's experience. Uh He he has an associates degree in electrical engineering,
he started going to michigan state right and Engineering. And then um well as it's told to me by my mom, he basically partied out and um but you know I don't know like because engineering to me just seems so far out there because I am not I am not math, I am not science. And to like how far how far do you really have to get in Math and could you go ahead and keep talking? I'm so sorry, I have to get my charger, but it's just over there. I can hear you.
Yeah.
what?
Yeah.
Mhm. True. Yeah, I can't even spell linear algebra. I mean, I would like, I think I may have done geometry in high school and that's like as far as I'm not Yeah, I just, I can't even for you to, for you to even get to like talc to like that's amazing. That's astonishing man, can't
you can like, you can like cheap meth Right.
Well,
Well,
what?
Well,
yeah, math is certainly a skill in in demand, you know? And and I think I think when I say about my math experience, I think that that's most people's math experience. So I would say that most people like don't don't really attain those upper levels of math knowledge. Like that's like that's a that's a I'm as I'm as like, you know, I feel I feel that way about about like calculus to as I feel about like people doing crazy art, people, people being like crazy talented and and you know, laying out laying out these incredible sculptures and just there's so much great art. Like these artists right now are their stuff. Looks like photographs. That's and that is like that's how I think about like upper levels of math. I'm like that's those two those two talents are like on par.
No
question.
Yeah. You I get what you're saying and if I may offer um from what you said earlier about, you know, you don't know if artists are born with it or if they're you know whatever. I think that I think there is like an innate, like there's an aptitude for our being artistic and creative, like there's an aptitude for math. But I think that no matter you know how you're born, what you're what times you're born with, it's always like you get better at them through external means. Like I think that I think that great artists, even the ones that are making like entire entire pieces of work with like one line or something, I still think that you know, they
have benefited from an art class and have learned a lot from you know, being taught you know, even if it's like you know being exposed to a different medium or um being exposed to like different people in a class and like and like what they have to offer. I think that that I think it's like a little of column A, a little of column B. And I think that you're I think that you're like you're urinate math talent can also be developed and you were mentioning about the you know the basic things that you can't do in your head, people can learn that like you can learn that but not everybody, not everybody can go on to like couch to. And I honestly think that like if you were the like um really do something in math backs like it just kinda memorize the math facts basically because I used to computer like very you know younger Children so I could I could somewhat handle you know, the arithmetic and and that kind of stuff, but it basically comes down to like math facts and just kind of like having in your head like the more minor calculations and I think that I think that like, and I understand what you, what you say when you're like, oh I, you know, you think you like mess yourself up by doing everything on a calculator. I did that, I did that for music because instead of being able to read music, I just was writing the letters of the notes underneath the notes. And so I like I really robbed myself of the ability to like recognize in A in a C and A B. And and like the like because I was just giving myself the answers and making it as easy as possible for myself. And so I like I robbed myself of that skill set and I never really um you know, got into being really good at clarinet or piano or whatever it was I was going for.
Well,
Well, I mean I did that in the 6th grade or was it seventh? I don't remember. Uh
okay. I think, I think I'm familiar with it slightly, yep.
What?
That was skill man, that was skill and I just think that there might be less, there might be even less of that like good math knowledge out there nowadays, even even more so than like back when, you know, you and I were in school, so I graduated high school in 2000 for what it's worth. So, you know, but you know, I wouldn't even, I have nieces and nephews and I wouldn't even really encourage them to go to college unless they were going into something that we're actually requires college. Like do you want to be a lawyer, a doctor, a teacher, an engineer? Like I want like I like and I'm not saying that other majors aren't valid but I would even I would put more stock in like if one of my nieces and nephews wanted to go to a trade school, I would 1,000% like I would pay for that, I'd pay for them to go and
do that. I think that that makes a living. And I think that those kind of, I'm saying those kinds of trade skills are so much in demand because as people have gone, a lot of people have graduated and got their bachelor's degrees and have gotten you know studied Russian literature and women's studies and anthropology and like and as far as like you know being in demand, like I've never seen anyone being like oh my god fine I need this four year anthropology degree person. I need to I gotta have that that's that's the skill I need. You know I think that I wouldn't I don't like think class in my degree. I don't think less of people that studied more like abstract stuff. And I just think that the demand right now for hard skill sets like math like engineering is just like it has increased. Oh
And
We have a cat. Uh huh.
I don't have a tuxedo cat. I have two of them.
they're explained things so I don't
even
want because
there
but if they were around I would totally show you whoever was closest to me. That's
crazy. What's your cats?
Oh my cats turn one April 23.
yeah I wanted them to have each other. Like I went to foster a cat but I just wanted to get like a pair of cats because I wanted them to have each other while I was gone at work dependent. But yeah, they're they're brother and sister. The girl's name is Doctor muffins and the guy's name is mack mittens. Yeah. What's your cat's name?
That's you.
that
is
no note,
I'm calling that.
Yeah, it's so warm. And I have oh hi. Yeah,
the well
this is that
she has, she
has a milk dribble herbal. Her brother doesn't have a milk dribble, but she does baby fine. Oh
what? Yeah,
it's okay, muffins is done. Oh look it look at a kitty.
Yeah, I love I love their little attitudes, I love where, I love their sassy, spunky nous, I'm into it. So
we had a cat growing up but it was it was it was like a stray cat would be kind of like, okay, he's our cat and it wasn't really that long. And I guess my mom had ptsd about cats and yeah, one day Stormy jumped on her and then that was it for Stormy, he had to go.
Yeah, I didn't know that, that was the thing until she I always thought she was allergic to cats and then she came over here to stay with me and she was she was like so afraid of my cats because they, you know, they crawl up on things and they get close to you, right? She was like, not having it, I was like, oh my God, mom, I had no idea that it was a pTSD thing, I always thought it was her allergies.
Yeah. Yeah. I think I have a fear of all sides animals like in the wild, like if I were to cross paths with like a raccoon or something, I would be freaked out. But
every
Yeah, but I actually like if I saw like a bird that would be okay and a rabbit seems fine too, and a dog who was like with a human fine, I just, I just don't think I have a very natural fear of just like animals in general, just like, oh, I will avoid you. I you know, and and it's weird because I can look at animal videos all day because there you and they're interesting but to be up and up close, unless I'm at a zoo then like I'm just like, I don't I don't like to see them in my, my daily life.
Mhm. I don't know how much time you spend in michigan, but I grew up with a lot of people who are hunters and a lot of my family they hunt too. And uh yeah, I really love, I really love dear that
whoa, I won't I won't kill one,
but
that's like just like this beautiful creature. Have you ever seen one jump? That's good.
I think, I think I I think I wouldn't mind being around a deer come to think of it and I have
everybody works as well, so
I have ridden horses as well, so.
Oh do they?
they're not they're not super into that. Yes. Not it's not their favorite thing, but Yeah. Yeah.
they will attack you. Okay.
But
what?
Oh yeah, all moms are like that. But uh what kind of teeth do dear have? Do they eat meat or not?
That would I guess I would still hurt you if they were to top down on. Yeah. And I can't imagine I can't imagine a deer being hostile. I can imagine a mom being hostile and her Children were around. But I can't imagine like I get like a deer like stepping up to you for no reason. I can't imagine that. I just that that's not the that's not how I think about gears. How many?
What crazy cats would be like that if they were a little taller and all the while they would they would totally stop on the path. They were totally started like pie. Like how well it'll kill you. Oh my God, those oh my love my kids. So is this thing gonna end automatically or do we just end it?
Yeah, I think I think so too. I wonder I forgot. So I kept the other page open so I could answer the survey. Yeah.
Tell me do we have to X out of this window or?
Yeah. How fall?
Well, we can X out of here. All right. Okay.
I don't
know.
I know. It was nice talking to you too. It's so nice. It's just so nice. High randomly meet people from michigan like often. Yeah. All
right.
Well, I had a group conversation where we were like assigned a task that was on sunday. Yeah, but I never had a one on one before.
well, I hope
I hope they're all as good as this one.
Oh, all right. Dude. Well, it's nice. Yeah.
All
Let's
walk on everything calculus, calculus. Your brain out, man. Okay.
You're welcome. Bye.