Mhm. Yeah yeah yeah yeah. Mhm Mhm. Okay. Mhm Mhm Mhm Mhm. Come on Yeah yeah yeah thank you mm. Okay. Right yeah yeah yeah yeah. Mhm. Yeah Mhm mm. Okay yeah yeah I heard you yeah yeah. Mhm Mhm. Never Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Okay Yeah. Mhm Mhm Mhm. Okay. Mhm Mhm Mhm.
Hello?
No not at all about five minutes so
not too bad. How about you? Mm
honestly on the instructions it just said uh Have a conversation, make sure you go for 25 minutes and it didn't really have any like any format or anything like that. It just said to keep talking for 25 minutes pretend that you know you met somebody in a new social situation and you're just
getting to know them I guess. Mhm
I'm in Denver colorado so
then
Um no I've been here for 20 years now. I was actually born in Michigan to you know river rafting down river. So You know I was born into your born and lived there until I was about 10 or 11 and then moved out to Colorado with my parents and I've been here ever since. But yeah, I love it out here, I do miss michigan, a lot of people think I'm crazy at times, but
so you know, I missed the water and you know it's a little, it's dry out here and hot, I kind of miss having you know different
seasons I guess it's going a little bit too sunny out here all the time for me.
Um Yeah, it was uh I finished high school in Colorado and I went to a community college for quite a few years and never really finished my bachelor's degree, I wound up with an associates degree eventually and I can never really decide on what I wanted to do. So what about you, uh what
you're doing?
So you did your undergrad at U. Of them?
Okay well that's
What did you study there? It's a great school.
Oh no it's all good. Um I was studying engineering um and then I
I don't know I made it, I I always thought I was good at math I guess and as I got older and I don't know, I eventually got to calculus to and I just kind of like started feeling like I wasn't going to be able to make it through this math class, so I had like a I don't know what kind of broke down and realize, you know, I can't be an engineer if
I
can't get through this like these last couple math classes and um yeah I just kind of quit at that point, you know kind of regret it. Uh I've been thinking about you know going back and try and I feel like if I kind of applied myself and didn't over schedule myself I could actually get through it, you know? Right, okay.
You know why?
Oh okay. Yeah, you're perfectly fine. Um So yeah for uh I guess how far I would have to go in math nick. Most engineers, I mean I basically would have like two more classes to go I calculus stops at Cal three. Um I think some engineer is like especially if you're an electrical engineer after top three, they go on to do like when your algebra and probably yeah, I
don't know, maybe differential equations or something like that, they might have to do one extra course in that, but it's really not a whole lot. And everybody kind of says calculus too is you know, by
far the most challenging class to do for that degree. Um and then once you get through that top three is a little bit easier. And allegedly I've heard that linear algebra, a lot of people actually really like that class and they tell me it's actually like describe it as fun, which I found shocking. Um and I was always kind of curious about what it was all about, but um yeah, but
just couldn't get through that one class unfortunately.
How?
I mean, I guess I could I think about that a lot of, you know, I try and
I don't know a lot of times I kind of stuff for me not to personally feel horrible about what happened with my math education, but you know
when I do think about it, you know, I talked to other people, you know, disarm, you know never you know did college of or anything like that and they say you know what you know you
made it really far and I guess it's true you know there I think you know they're probably I guess there aren't a whole lot of people who you know wind up going that far in math and then stopping. Um So yeah I mean I feel like I could you know kids that are doing like high school level math and stuff like that you know I
probably could tutor those kids you know and um yeah I've kind of thought about uh maybe that's something I should try doing. I've heard that there's some like you know kind of site similar to this I guess where you can do like micro task getting paired up with you know I guess yeah online learners or whatever you know do like a virtual you know tutoring session with them. Uh huh.
Yeah. Yeah I guess it's just one of those things where like if I don't know if it doesn't click with you you feel like I don't know you feel like it's like almost like impossible for like that's kind of like the way I feel about art personally is when I see people who are able to draw well and things like that, I just think like wow it doesn't matter if I practice all day for the rest of my life, like I'll never be able to get on that level you know? Uh And I just wonder if it's something you know people are kind of born with you know or you know not it's weird you know in some ways I think that like you know people actually like everyday people who don't really you know maybe they're not mathematicians, they still use like a lot of like calculus in their everyday lives. Like you know if you're doing something like driving a car for example and the person in front of you is slowing down and you're thinking about you know how hard you need to push on the brake pedal that slow down you know in time without crashing and crashing into them and that's basically just like a calculus function right there. You know it's just like looking at the rape over time so that was like you know they may not be like calculus. You know they're not calculating the exact values. They're still thinking about things like I guess in a mathematical way like you know that's similar to you know what you're asked to do in calculus I guess. But I think where I kind of had a real hard time that I think is kind of identify with. You know, I guess students who stop studying math at lower levels, I think like for me, I'm really bad at like doing calculations in my head. Like I rely on my calculator, like I absolutely need that. Like even if I'm at a cash register, you know, I've got some pretty far in math, but I honestly I'm terrible at doing like basic edition in my head. Like it takes me a really long time. I kind of feel like that's kind of like what a lot of people go through in math is. They kind of feel like they're being, I feel like people feel like they're being asked to be like human calculators or something and they're just like, you know, I'm not a computer, I don't think like that, I can't do this or something, you know, where I think if they had the tool tools there to help
them
then they could go a lot farther in math and you know, unfortunately in calculus um you know, I never really knew this when I was studying math, but like I always thought I would be able to use my calculator, you know uh as I progressed and um so I guess a lot of things I didn't really learn, like I should have and I yeah, it's always relied on my calculator and then when I finally got to college and I took calculus one and found out that they don't let you use a calculator at all, you have to calculate everything by hand. And uh you know just even like basic stuff like working with like doing basic edition, you know basic operations on fractions or something like that. It's like that's something I don't do in my head every day. I can't even remember how to do it honestly. Like I just I need my calculator there to do it. So for me and calculus it was like I was kind of like I had to go back and learn all the stuff that I would, you know, and learned a long time ago that I just kind of felt like, I don't know, uh you get what I'm saying I guess.
Well
sure he is that is that what you, have you tried playing clarinet or in the
past or?
I kind of did the same thing in middle school with uh you know, orchestra. I got tried to learn how to play the viola and uh kind of had the same thing, you know, where I was just like the student really apply myself to learn how to read, you know, sheet music properly. And it was always just kind of taking these shortcuts, like kind of doing it in my mind more like tablets or something like that. You know, if you've ever seen like tablet for guitar or they kind of just like show you like, I don't know, not like they kind of this number out like where to put your fingers instead of like the actual notes, you know?
yeah, I kind of, you know, I hear what you're saying there. It's, yeah, one of those things, I kind of, yeah, I did the same thing myself, you know, But it's something that, yeah, it's never too late, I guess, to go back and try again, you know, it's something that I've been trying to tell myself recently, you know, get motivated to get back
into learning again.
All
You know, and that's, I mean it's kind of unfortunate in a way, and a lot of ways that I look at it, um Let's just say, I graduated in 2004, so we're pretty close
and see, oh yeah, that, you know, I I uh looking back, I mean, you know, I think I was kind of pushed into kind of going into engineering because that's what everybody always told me. Like, you know, if you want to get a job, you know, make decent money like, you know, definitely do this, you know, guaranteed, you know, be able to have a job out of high school and you know, it's like, that's like the most sure fire way to have like a stable good paying career I guess. But you know, then I started I don't know seeing a lot of my friends that would graduate with their bachelor's and you know and they would finish engineering school and you know they would be in like a real similar job situation where I was at you know only halfway through my schooling and sometimes I look at it like man I really dodged a bullet there that I didn't you know go for two more years and you know end up owing like 100,000 more dollars and you know still not have you know a high paying job or anything like that. So I wonder you know yeah if I could go back do I? Uh I mean I even did go actually I went to trade school but I just didn't really you know I studied I went to automotive school for a couple of years when I was in high school and I completed it but I wasn't really where I needed to be to like start getting a sc certifications and things like that. I just didn't know it well enough and I can always thought like, you know, I don't want to be wrench in my entire life. Like that sounds like my cats trying to get on the camp. Sorry.
that's my cat.
Do you have? Awesome? Yeah, you should show him to me.
Well
they are.
That's
well,
that's happened.
How old are your cats
1? Oh you got them both at the same time or they hang glitter or?
I named her molly and
yeah, thanks. And she's like about four years old right now and actually I'm bringing back, she might come back over so you can see she has a she's death. There's one interesting thing about her and she also has um uh this a developmental disorder that they call Sarah Beller hyperplasia. Well I guess like the cerebellum, it's like portion of that brain that I think controls like basic like motor movement and balance and um kind of real like, basic things like that was underdeveloped because I guess her mom got some kind of future I think. So I forget which disease it was. But I guess if the mother is hearing kittens and has this disease, then oftentimes you had the kittens will be born with this underdeveloped portion of their brain. So when we first got her, she was like, we thought maybe she had like Parkinson's or something like that, because her head would always like bob bob around and she had it really bad, like tremor and she would just like kind of fall over randomly and like run into stuff all the time. Um But luckily she's kind of growing out of it quite a bit now, you can almost can't even really tell that she's impaired anymore, she doesn't want him up on the stuff or jump up onto anything, but
other
than that
yeah, she's an interesting cat for sure. Yeah,
Yeah, best friend, yeah.
Of course. Right,
know, so it's got the exact same,
color patterns, molly, That's
cute.
get molly back over here, come on boy and try and teach your sign language, usually respond to that, you know the hand signal, but
Uh
gas cats for you never want to cooperate.
Have you always had cats? Are these your first ones or?
No dang. Yeah.
totally, you know I met a lot of people like that that you know, they didn't grow up with cats and they're like truly really like seriously afraid of them, you know I kind of have like a similar thing with like big dogs and stuff because I never had a dog growing up so I'm just kind of like intimidated by him, you know and I, you mean cats, they just seem you know like they're so Dante and gentle and stuff that you know, it's hard, it's tough for me to imagine how, you know people are afraid of them. But I guess I did have one one cat who was I think he was like part maine coon or something, he was pretty large and when he would he was an indoor cat. So when I had to bring him in when he would escape, get outside and I try and bring him in, he would just freaking, you know, Claude the heck out of me. And after being attacked by that cat then I really realized like now I see why people are so afraid about making vicious at times. Yeah.
that's good,
that's healthy.
Yeah, I hear that
Have you been have you been hunting yourself or
you
aren't in here?
You know it's amazing. Yeah, that's what they can hear. Oh my God.
but that can be pretty scary.
What? Uh Sorry, what was that?
Oh, Oh yeah, seahorses freaked me out, I've
been on a horse a few times, but I used, one of my past girlfriends was like a hunter jumper, like really into horseback riding and when you went away to college I was I had I was taking care of her horse for a while and I don't know, I was always so intimidated by him and he would always try and kick me when I was trying to clean his shoes, you know, always scared the heck out. I mean
There were two. Yeah, they can be pretty scary when, you know, up close. I've always heard that you know, they, you know, people, I think deer are responsible for like more, you know, wildlife attacks than like any other, you know animal. I've always heard that you know, in colorado, you're much more likely to get attacked by like a deer than a mountain lion or something like that. I've had times where I've been riding my bike on the trail up in the mountains and come around a turn and there's like a deer standing on the trail, like literally a couple of feet in front of me and it's like, oh my God, you see how big they are. So it's a lot different up close for sure, that it's
apparently they like, you know, with their hooves, they'll just kind of, you know, get up on two ft and just kind of like, you know, punchy I guess. And if,
you
know, if you spoke of my guests are getting between, you know, the mom and the young one probably.
I don't know. I think they're strictly vegetarian, so I would assume similar to horse shoes, I would think, but I don't know.
most people don't Yeah, that's for sure. I was shocked when I heard that myself to you. For sure.
Um I think I'm gonna click back under the southern page here in a second. I think we're okay to end it after 25 minutes. I'll double check here. Um
Yeah, I think uh
um Let's see here. Yeah.
Okay. So it says when your conversation is complete. Um Please return to this browser tab the one with the survey to continue your participation. Um So yeah, it sounds like we should be good.
For those good knocking Tears.
45
minutes.
Yeah.
We've done many video converse. Like many any studies like this on here before?
Yeah. Yeah. This is my first one, too, so Yeah.
All right. Turn.
Yeah. Yeah. Likewise, for sure.
Yeah. Likewise, take care and
take care of your cats.
No.
Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
All right. All right.