report. Mhm. You're talking about? Yeah. What about you? Sure? What happened? A lot of people? Mhm, mm. I'm sorry. People, yeah, definitely just play out there. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Mhm. Mhm. Right. Yeah. Mhm, Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, if you can, that's the problem. Yeah. Yeah, it was, yeah. Right. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, mm hmm. Right. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Oh my God. Yeah. For your time, the people, I couldn't think. All right. Yeah. You know, you know? Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm, mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Just a minute. Yeah. Mhm. Hello?
Good,
good. How are you doing? So
I'm in the Cullman areas, you have to keep the mosque on.
I'm doing classes virtually
classes virtually. Yeah. What about here?
me too.
do you
I'm doing a public policy and uh like administration kind of stuff still kind of think between like business administration or like public administration, but uh public administration is kind of spooky because I'm like not from here, so it's kind of like you have to understand american like legislative system, which is uh kind of weird but
India yeah.
Um what do you, what do you study in Psychology? Uh
Nice.
Um
do you have like a career that like is in mind or are you just like gonna be looking?
description,
tell you what,
I've
heard it's very tough. One of my friends is doing uh things, she's doing pharmacology and she was saying that she definitely does not want to do academia because paying the pressure is hard to turn out academic papers and uh that gets like really iffy and like you don't even get tenure for a while and it's dicey.
same here, I have no idea.
So I'll be starting my first year in the fall, but I've been taking online courses, so I've been taking core classes um for the grad uh school, so that's just a two year degree that I'll be taking, and so yeah,
I'm
trying
I'll just
be a monster's. Yeah. Um But
I kinda I don't know. I feel like I want to go back to India maybe. I
mean the whole world honestly is just on fire like back home to there's a real a populist government, so wherever you go, it's kind
Yeah.
Which which part of the country are you?
Okay.
Okay. That's
nicer.
I guess. I've never been out there.
I
don't
know.
What
do, Okay. I am going to school in Chicago
at u Chicago. Uh
That's insane. Uh
No,
I'm in the, I'm a boot skull. So like, yeah.
So uh so I took two years and I did like after under bread and I did uh uh industry experience and now I can go back and you know, I kind of have like a footing on what I want to study and
and so I'm going to see how that goes. That's crazy. I'm out here in columbus Ohio these days with my partner. Yeah. She's
uh doing a law and
it sounds horrible. I mean it's horrible. I think some of the most toxic people even worse than business I have seen in law. Oh yeah.
Mhm.
hmm.
public
interest law. Yeah. That's like, yeah, that's for um that's like uh
Black.
I mean at least you were in like a decent place, you know, like you're in a mill that's just trying to, you know, extort people essentially.
Yeah.
Yeah. I mean, there must be some really twisted cases that must come in there
though.
I
can't
breathe. Yeah,
be
here.
Yeah.
huh.
She also told me about some of the cases that came through. So she worked at one of the immigration courts uh for one of the summer's and uh like she was telling me she had to write stuff for deportations, which was like she would come back just crying from works like uh but she also got to like nudge the judges into granting asylums, which was pretty neat. Um
She was also saying that it's kind of irrelevant of what your case is. It depends on the judge and what moved there and or like how conservative or liberal they are.
with
now there's not even gonna be due diligence or like they don't get a court date like the new Supreme Court ruling that came out.
Yeah.
Are you dealing with the covid situation?
She came
to the
door.
What
about
the
tape?
hmm.
South
Caroline.
I kind of missed the bigger city though. Like I've always like I've also grown up in big cities especially like it's freaking populated. Um But yeah, small cities freak me out the slow pace just really freaks me out.
True.
me
too. Yeah.
they're reopening some of the classes.
ours are so like like my cohort, all the boot scholars there. Like now you guys can just do it virtually, you can do core classes or even like explore other classes that you won't have the ability to do if you were in person and the workload was too much.
So,
I mean it sounds like they want to add a couple of quarters to us, which is fine. I mean the job market is a great time. So I'd rather wait on this end than to be on the other end and you know, not have a job.
I mean obviously, I mean a year from now is going to be what like going towards what the normal was. I think like even the vaccines coming out, even if they come out this year and the end, by
the time everyone is vaccinated and all that, that's going to be another four or five months from there. Um,
um, um,
I heard it also somewhere the last time as a species we eradicated through vaccine, the disease was smallpox. So
there's no high hopes of this going nowhere. So we're gonna have to be living with.
It's about
Thank you.
Something like that.
Hi.
Use.
I don't know that. Yeah.
Hold on.
I could start
biking or something. Yeah.
That traffic is not great for banks.
I was hoping to just, you know, just buzz off to India like, but I'm not even certain that I would be able to come back or like the weird restrictions like classes do start and all that sort of stuff. So just in a weird limbo where nobody knows anything. They're just hmm my
brother was supposed to come to, so he was supposed to start this chemical monsters engineering at University of Washington, and they like they've done all the paperwork and everything, but the embassies have not opened up, so like yeah, he can't even get a Visa
or an interview to come, so I think that he's under for it for a year just
uh was excited, but it's fine, worse things are happening then when your department um
and like they could also just shut it down. Um Yeah.
Movement.
No, that's what's going to happen.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm rethinking that, especially for the next quarter because my soul, it's so my partner, she is uh she goes to law school in Lexington uh Kentucky, which is against a very small city, it's just literally just a college town and I kind of lose it there, I was there for like two months one time and I almost just lost it.
I'm
like thinking about if I want to like you know float around, I could go to uh stay with one of my friends, he returned from Peace corps because they got evacuated. Um and uh so he might stay with him for a little bit. My I'll probably stay with my partner for a little bit, so I think we're gonna be floating around for the next four months. Let's do, see what to do. Which is fine, I mean I'm fine with moving my family, we've kind of always moved around and I kind of find comfort in moving. Which is horrifying. Yeah,
it's like you know what? I gotta
pack everything two suitcases and uh got to go. Yeah uh which is slightly liberating to sneak. Okay I don't need after crap that I have.
nice.
Did
you go to you Chicago? Under bread?
I've
heard us to them. Yeah.
That's amazing. You got the position in Chicago. Yeah,
that's
No,
keep at it. I think so, I I graduated from university of florida and that's a podunk school compared to Chicago. Uh and so there's obviously this impostor syndrome that goes with it
and also had boots, they're like actual billionaires kids there, which is just slightly jarring, but then you talk to them and they're just assholes and
not
it's
yeah, it's a mixed bag.
also maybe just completely different from one department to the next and Yeah.
Yeah.
I
mean,
yeah, so I mean, I went for interviews and stuff and I was like uh visited for uh weekend classes. Uh And that was that was fun, but I don't I don't like the weekend crowd of people. Um So I said that, no, I gotta I gotta work, or I got to go to school during the weekdays, it's the weekend crowd is just joe Schmo who's doing some kind of banking and just trying to get a promotion. Uh
I'm honestly not even that interested in business, so I'm therefore actually like a real uh science economics and that sort of thing, so But
yeah, let's see how that goes.
Make a patient.
that's very cool. So, is that the monsters then? That's this book? Monsters? Okay.
Yeah,
that fits there, wow. Yeah.
All right. Is this is
this
over?
Mind says I clicked on it like an hour of this. It says hour and 21.
We should be fine. Yeah.
It
was very nice
to talk
It's kind of crazy how we go to the same school.
We'll see if we bump into each other sometime.
You
too.
You too. Take
care.
Bye.