Right, how are
you?
I'm okay. Right.
Oh no, it's okay. Are you in school or
you're doing what we're
Um Yeah, I'm also in classes. Um well not in classes, I'm in school, I'm a grad student and it's a summer,
so. Yeah. Cool. Um Yeah, but we don't have classes during the summer, so I'm just like doing research stuff. Um But
I psychology, yeah. What about you?
Yeah, we're from originally.
cool. Yeah.
Um So I'm in a child development, well I'm in a developmental psychology program, so um yeah, it's research with kids um on their racial and ethnic attitudes. Um Also wealth attitudes and kind of like yeah, and that here we go. Um
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well yeah, I mean, so I'm a I just finished my first year um of my PhD program, So then I'll be in my second year obviously, and so I have a lot of time. The program is usually 5-6 years long. Um Yeah, I have a while to the side. So basically like the two kind of tracks you can go with this PhD is like
you can stay in academia of course. Um and be like a professor and researcher
or you can go into industry um and it's really like, right, it's like really broad like what that means. Um so I'm not really sure what I want to do yet. I'm pretty sure I don't want to be a professor in academia, but.
And
exactly. It's a lot. I don't think I want to stay in the beginning it, but I mean that could always change, but um yeah, so I'm not sure exactly what I want to do, but right now I'm just, and the program is trying to get my, my foot my footing so, mm hmm.
Yeah. What year are you in?
I
think
my masters, we're
on it.
Nice.
good choice with this world is, or this country is right now. Yeah.
It's really, yeah.
Yeah. Don't make sense. Um,
so I'm in south Carolina right now,
but yeah, I'm not from here. I'm originally from Oakland California,
The
bay Area.
Yeah. Um, yeah, I like it there. I'm here because my partner go to school here. Um, and for the quarantine
I
came
here to do with him. Uh, but
I go to school in Chicago. Mhm.
Willie.
That's crazy. Yeah. Wow, That's where I go.
What are the odds? Oh, okay. Wow. So are you in the maps
program? Is a
Cool.
that's nice. Cool.
Or
well, okay.
Yeah,
I've heard laws and just soon I have no interest in, during the this past summer, before the summer before I started grad school. I worked in a law
firm. Um It's like a front desk person. It was interesting. It was a law firm though. It was uh what do they call it? I'm really better than, you know, um public interest. Is that the kind of law
what?
Because basically the law firm was um was they did legal, it was called, it was legal services for Children. So they did a lot of immigration work um and people and people in um foster
care and that kind of thing. So yeah, that was the kind of law and it was so it was like a really cool environment, but like just that was the first time I was exposed to law stuff and people in law school and just like Yeah, a lot and
exactly. Yeah, that's what I'm glad that it ended up there like it was a cool introduction to like, Yeah, like things I cared about like um and
things like that film. Yeah.
man.
Yeah. It was really eye opening. Like I knew like a lot of the things
that were happening, but not
to that degree.
Yeah. But I feel like
I didn't
know to the degree of like things just like the cases that were coming in were so sad like. Yeah, like kids were just a lot of kids from um from like Mexico and Guatemala and all those places and it was just it was really sad like they would have cases where people try to were seeking asylum. Um
and then they were told they had to go back and like they knew they were going to get killed if they went back and they went back and they didn't hear from the kid and they found out the kid had been killed by a gang or something. It was so sad to hear those stories. Um And I was just I worked at the front desk, so I was like the first person that like, if people were calling and they wanted, they were wanted to like have a lawyer be on their case. Like they would tell me their whole story and it was just like, so sad. Yeah, it was crazy. But it was an interesting experience to have. I'm glad I have the experience to see firsthand because you see on the news all the time and like what's happening, but to see firsthand what gives me like a I feel like a greater I don't know, like want to be involved in like that kind of, yeah, I'm really like social justice and stuff like that kind of stuff. Like being actually there was like interesting, cool.
Yeah.
Yeah, that is
Yeah, I I found that out too when I was there. Um Yeah, it's really crazy like the lawyers would be like, okay, we have this judge like we know this, they know like each one and like there what the likelihood they are to grant this island and like it's just crazy out like it literally doesn't matter, it's based on this
person. Um It's so sad.
Yeah. Oh no, crazy stuff. Um
Yeah.
Okay. Yeah, I've been like pretty not super. I feel like affected by everything just because well being a grad student, like a lot of things can be at least my type of research can be done remotely. So I was able to like not really, like I I know some people who are doing work where they have to take like physiological,
they do
physiological
data, so that's really hard that they can't do that right now. But for me I
don't, I do
more
behavioral
work so I don't have, I can do things like over zoom or like whatever. Um
And so in that aspect I have never really affected and I was able to leave pretty like early from Chicago to here. Um and so I've been able to just like be here and be like quarantining. Um it's not really populated out
and where I'm in south Carolina.
Yeah, it's like pretty chill here compared to Chicago of course, you know like I park like super. Yeah, so it's been to be okay for me here, luckily so
the same. Yeah, I know, I grew up in a city too so it's just so weird sometimes being out here um and just yeah, definitely weird.
Um but I don't know, I'm kind of glad I'm not in Chicago right now just because it's
like
lot but um yeah, I'm trying to figure out now what I'm gonna do in terms of going back because as you probably saw the and did you get the announcement yesterday about
Yeah it's like really honestly weird right now because some departments are doing it's like some departments are going to be more virtual than others basically. Um And like my department, they're pretty much like we're not going to force anyone to come in like you, most professors don't want to teach in person so most things are going to be virtual, like they're not really pressuring us. But I've heard I have like friends and other departments that are like they're really work because they don't know if they should come back or not because they're not sure if their their classes are going to be virtual or not and um
that's
there now.
Yeah that makes sense. Yeah I've heard job market is not looking very good but hopefully I don't know works out
No.
Yeah.
Yes
Why?
Yeah man it's creating times to be elected. Yeah I don't even know what I'm doing because I'm literally like
now I'm trying to figure out if I'm gonna go back to Chicago or not because I don't know if I can stay here for too long. Um Just like my partner is going to have roommates and stuff so I don't want to assume that can just be here and I'm not on the least. So um because it was fine, I'm gonna be here for a few months, right? But like a whole year. I don't know. So we're trying to decide what we're gonna do. Um
And then also like yeah if I'm going back to Chicago because then I'll just be there kind of alone quarantining in my apartment and I don't really know if that's going to be like the best just to be isolated for all that time on my own. Mm So
you don't have to see. Also just harder
to I feel like do things in Chicago
compared to because I also don't have a car in Chicago. Um You can like really bust around
that you don't need a car in Chicago. But um it is a little easier like out here my partner has a car so we can just like get around, right? I don't know. I just have to be taking public transportation there and that that increases, right? And in considering covid, so it's like, I don't know if I want to be like just
in Chicago, just be there.
I want
I'm really scared a bike soon, but I would not
yeah, I am so scared of bikes. But um yeah, so it's really complicated right now trying to figure out life comment.
Yeah. Mhm.
I don't know.
That's crazy, man. That's unfortunate.
that's true. Yeah. I can't imagine starting during starting a program during this time to that be like pretty crazy. I have a friend who's starting a PhD program this year or for the fall and I'm just like starting during all this craziness would be. Yeah.
it's crazy. Yeah.
Well, yeah.
I know, it's still open there. Mhm. Right.
Yeah. So are you, were you planning on getting a place in Chicago, but Yeah.
Yeah, I can
see that.
Yeah, I mean if you're used to it then I guess that makes sense.
Well,
Yeah, I bet that feels good because I have so much crap. Yeah, it's been hard because I had to like come with two suitcases here and I'm like, it was hard. I don't think I enjoy like enjoy the whole movie thing that looks like it's like I can do it, but I've done it for so long now because I came straight from undergrad, so I like Just graduated in May 2019 and then I went straight to my PhD program. Um
And so yeah, I've just been moving all the time because obviously an underground, we'll move each year, different dorms and apartments and stuff. So I feel like I've been moving so
much nonstop.
no, I went
to school in Connecticut, I don't know if you know at Wesleyan University.
Yeah, it's a smaller part liberal arts school.
Yeah, it worked out things worked out pretty well. So yeah, I was terrified to start, I still,
I'm terrified to be in this program
every day. I'm like, should I should I just leave? But no.
Yeah, no, I feel it like.
Mom.
Yeah, I've heard,
I've heard about about Booth. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Shit, that's like kind of all I feel like you Chicago Chicago doesn't have the best reputation in terms of like, I don't know, inclusive and not people being horrible people. I don't know it's not it's not the best reputation. I mean it's a good school obviously like we all know that but in terms of like the culture there not really and I've learned more since I've since I've been in the print, I don't I don't think I knew how bad it was before. Um But yeah the culture is definitely interesting there. But yeah, I definitely have like immersed myself in new Chicago, like I did my undergrad university but so I don't know everything about it. But I feel like it's so like especially in grad school it's like so department based like you know your department pretty well and maybe your division or whatever but.
yeah.
So when but hopefully it'll be good. Hopefully you can move to Chicago's and I know they experience Chicago once things are open. I don't know. Have you
ever
visited? Yeah
Yeah. Ok. Yeah that makes sense
For
yeah yeah the psychology department has like a joint program with Booth that people can do. They can like yeah I have there's actually someone in my lab who's doing the joint program so she like take class, she takes classes in booth and psych and
she has like an advisor at Booth as well as an advisor in psych. Um So that's pretty cool. Yeah.
it's a PhD yeah, I don't know too much about having, that's basically what I just told this basically all I know about the program like you do both. It's a joint program that's all like. But yeah there's a lot of behavior, obviously a lot of behavioral people at Booth so there's a lot of psych social psychologists there. Um
So it's like a,
wow.
I don't
know. It's
25 minutes, right? Oh did you say? Does your timer take 25 to?
Oh whoa okay. Well mine just 26 so I think we're
Okay. Cool.
What's
talk
there? Yeah
I know
I know it's so pretty though like I don't even know. But yeah maybe we will. All right. Thanks talking to you.
Have
a good day.
Thank
you.