SPEAKER_L: mhm. All right. Mhm. Yes, I suppose. Yes. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm, mm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. You know? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. What? Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Right. That's the last part. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Other people, it's okay. Yeah. How they do? Okay. Thank you. Good job. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. No, I have to tell you. Yeah. In doing this. Yeah, mm. Okay. Yeah. Hello? How's it going? That's
SPEAKER_R: it's going pretty good, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing well. My name is Aiden.
SPEAKER_R: I'm chris it's nice. Okay,
SPEAKER_L: to meet you too. Uh where are you talking to me from?
SPEAKER_R: I am currently in Georgia. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm uh in a town called Buford about 30 miles northeast of Atlanta. How much? Self?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Portland Oregon. I'm at my parents place right now
SPEAKER_R: Okay, where was that? Where is that again? It kind of broke up
SPEAKER_L: in Portland Oregon.
SPEAKER_R: Portland, wow. West coast.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, but I'm actually originally from Montana. Right? Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: You're the first person that I've ever talked to from Montana then, so that's fantastic.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's not the first time I've heard that. I don't think there are very many montanans
SPEAKER_R: I mean it's a big place,
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: right? It's a lot of, I mean at least the pictures like there's a lot of land and a lot of lot of pretty land, but like I think the per capita of people or something like that isn't, I don't know, it's not a ton of people that live out there, but I'm actually originally from Alabama. Um
SPEAKER_L: cool,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so. Uh
SPEAKER_L: very good. I, I've never been to Alabama, but my grandma is from Alabama though now I'm embarrassed because I don't know where exactly she's from because now she lives in Knoxville, so for all my life I've thought of her as being from Tennessee, mhm.
SPEAKER_R: That's that's crazy though. Yeah, I can't um
SPEAKER_L: Something magical.
SPEAKER_R: wow, you have a grandmother from Alabama. It's okay that you don't know where she's from. There's not, I mean not too many places in Alabama that are just like woo. Yeah Alabama. Yeah I mean it's like saying here from Alabama is like saying well at least I'm not from Mississippi or Arkansas like got that going for me
SPEAKER_L: So what do you, what do you do?
SPEAKER_R: I work for a small company. It's uh I mostly do I. T. Work um I'm like a desktop support specialist person. But the company is like uh uh it does copiers so there's a lot of copier repairs and stuff like that. But I'm part of like a small division of I. T. So it's like we're trying to ramp up and do some more I. T. Type. Type stuff so managed I. T. So um I was originally like a. Level one so I was answering phone calls and just being like hey you know let
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: me help you out with your problem over the phone. But then uh here recently right before the covid stuff kind of started getting a little crazy uh I was promoted to uh to the Manor status uh section sort of thing. So
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: great.
SPEAKER_R: what I've been trying to kind of get through a bunch of that stuff while also at times working remotely. And
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: it's just been an interesting learning curve. So, so
SPEAKER_L: does
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: that, but does that affect your ability to do your job much to work remotely if it's already a computer based job?
SPEAKER_R: not really, I'll be honest with you, most of what's kind of like um what's crazy? I can do my job remotely almost. No problem. Because most of what I'm doing is promoting into people's computers, assisting them with whatever problem they have. I mean it's resetting passwords or some, there's some harder stuff we have to kind of deal with it or and whatnot. But um the
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: one thing that's actually holding from home working remotely is the are the other bosses. They there's there's there clinging onto this whole, you know, all we got to get back to normal kind of mentality and I'm just sitting there kind of going, okay, all right,
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: if you say so, I mean for about a month and a half, two months we were working remotely, so essentially right here where I'm sitting, I was able to uh you know, talk with people, I work with people, we were using Microsoft teams to communicate back and forth, and I feel like we we learned that we were able to do our job just as efficiently after a little bit of time. It was a little, there's a learning curve, but we were able to do our jobs just as efficiently, in my opinion as we were able to do them working in the office. I just feel like that our president, our company is very old school mindset, he's an older gentleman, he's in his sixties, um, just wanted to kind of get back to get back to normal and that's, that's left. A lot of us kind of uncomfortable, unfortunately. But um, but yeah, it never got, it never impacted the way we could work. You know, several of the other, uh, the tier one team to people, one guy, I interact with them on a daily basis, assisting them and most of them have the, they essentially said, hey, I don't, I mean, I've got a kid at home, you know, like, I don't know why we can't work from home, you know, kind of a thing because it would be far safer and we've proven that we can do it. And so we've never gotten a clear cut answer is to, you know, why we can't go back to working from home outside of it. Just being the president, the company wants to be able to show off their bodies. Were you? Nobody's in the office kind of thing. So it's
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: kind of
SPEAKER_L: really doesn't make sense. I mean, especially if you can work because I mean I kind of get the I get why someone would be motivated to reopen the business in person if it were a business that relied on in person like things. But if you can work on your computer does not make sense to bring people into space together.
SPEAKER_R: mm. No it doesn't. I mean it's like what drives what boggles my mind a bit with this, I mean I'm gonna kind of like like venting a bit here too.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's fine.
SPEAKER_R: but it just boggles my mind is I work in a network
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: operations center so you gotta have a card key essentially to get into this room and there's about I don't know 10 to 15 of us
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: in this, I mean it's not a small room but
SPEAKER_L: I told
SPEAKER_R: I've
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: got a level one who's right behind my back kind of a thing, you know that six ft never heard of her. You know I'm talking about like it's it's like you can't not you know you can't do the social distancing when you're in that type of a space. There's just no
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: way you can um They tried to move some people around and all that but it's not I don't know they could have they could have easily done us on a rotating schedule some of us in the office some of us out of the office. But it's I mean you gotta you gotta unfortunately I mean in this in the the period of time we live in you kinda have to follow the rules of it you know? But I'm also sitting there going all right man if I come down with Covid you know they're not going to they're not gonna care. I mean I don't have the I don't have the P. T. O. You know vacation time sick leave whatever to take in order to to take care of myself. So are they going to let me work remotely then? Because if they do then that's a that's that's a cop out, you know what I mean? That makes no sense to me. So
SPEAKER_L: totally,
SPEAKER_R: because then we could have we could have avoided all this by just having everyone work from home. But I mean
SPEAKER_L: wow, that's
SPEAKER_R: and daddy. Yeah. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and it's even crazier so my fiance because we share an apartment and she had to fight tooth and nail because she works and um she has to like there's a lot of paperwork stuff she has to do. Um She's not an actual real estate agent. She's like part of the behind the scenes people that you know process all the all the stuff and she had to fight tooth and nail to get the you know to get things set up so she can work from home. She starts to drive down to the office in order to get the stuff for her to work, but she doesn't have to stay in the office, she can avoid people. So she drives down to the office, gets their stuff that comes back up to the apartment and does all of her work in the living room, you know?
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: And I'm
SPEAKER_L: great.
SPEAKER_R: like so and I mean we've just seen like our companies just somebody everyone's got their own like way of doing things. It's it's crazy because I wish we had some kind of like mandate you know, hey this is the way things are going to go, but it just
SPEAKER_L: Stop.
SPEAKER_R: feels like hey you guys figure it out on your own and you know it's it's
SPEAKER_L: Wait.
SPEAKER_R: kinda depressing
SPEAKER_L: So what's been the what's been the like legislative response in Georgia? Like your your company is allowed to be open right now? Is it considered like uh
SPEAKER_R: is considered essential
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Okay, that's what I meant, that's what
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: I was trying to ask.
SPEAKER_R: they repair copiers, right? And uh the government uses coffee machines so they've been able to kind of you know, slide in under there, so we're essential were essential employees. Uh The same thing kind of go only I guess the same thing goes with where my fiance works. I mean I guess you could say I'm thankful to have a job. I mean throughout Covid I've had a full time 40 hour with job. Um You know, I've I've not missed a payment on anything that had any kind of issues like that, but at the same time I'm just like you know, we could we could be a little smarter about things. Uh I don't feel like as far as like uh the governor of Georgia, I think it's a complete moron, personally, he's
SPEAKER_L: I don't know I don't know who it is. I don't know much about Georgia.
SPEAKER_R: brian broke a brian kemp is the is the president fact he won the election? They stopped some really sketchy tactics. Uh Mhm. Yeah, final count or something that nature. And it's like he won by maybe a couple 100 votes that everyone was going. Yeah, it was everyone was like, wait, what are you sure about that? But because he was secretary of State, Secretary of State and the state of Georgia, um They're the ones that run the elections
SPEAKER_L: No way.
SPEAKER_R: there are over the elections. So I smell some uh some corruption there a
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: little bit
SPEAKER_L: that's such a conflict of interest.
SPEAKER_R: you're telling me. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: God
SPEAKER_R: Uh And then uh there's been so there's been some terrible like the freaking uh the elections that they just had like uh early in june, they didn't have enough polling stations. And the secretary of the current Secretary of State was blaming polling stations for not, you know, being more prepared when they decided to change things up. Like in the last minute while we have a pandemic going on. It's just been it's just been a god, it's been a mess. But but yeah, so I don't know, you may, I don't know how like often frequent like reddit or social
SPEAKER_L: Not that
SPEAKER_R: media
SPEAKER_L: often
SPEAKER_R: or some not that often. Okay, there was a meme essentially that was created from Governor kemp way back when we were just kind of starting to get into the coronavirus thing. Um like everyone knew almost from the, I'm not just from the get go, but it was fairly common knowledge about a month or so in that it could, you know, it could be asymptomatic. And um there was a press conference, the governor kEMp had were saying that you didn't have to use a mask but you could use a mask. And then he was shocked when someone said that the, you know the virus was asymptomatic and everyone was kind of going, what didn't you have this information figure the governor of a state, You
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: didn't
SPEAKER_L: gosh.
SPEAKER_R: have all the information? Oh dear Lord to be fair he and I don't know if you I don't know what your political views are like. I mean uh but he's like a miniature trumpet feels like he's like a trump wannabe, it feels like at times um it's
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: just uh man
SPEAKER_L: So you
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: got
SPEAKER_R: anyways
SPEAKER_L: it on the on the national level and the state level?
SPEAKER_R: yeah man I'm telling you it is um it's like it's one of the things you sit back and you're going like you know like I said I'm from Alabama so I'm used to like political gaffes and stupid stuff going on at the state level but then it's like I'm over here in Georgia and I'm like oh great now George is you know that's the last thing we need is people talking bad about Georgia and yeah we're in the news for the wrong reasons.
SPEAKER_L: that's too bad. Like here it's man here we've also fucked up though because they have already tried to like start reopening everything and uh okay originally they like set this this bar and it was like you had to have these things in place your numbers have to be below a specific amount. You had to have so many vacancies in the I. C. U. S. And then you can reopen things but then there was time passing and we just weren't hitting those numbers and then they were like all right fuck it we'll just open anyways and so now they
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: like opened restaurants and
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: gates?
SPEAKER_L: dude it's been so bad and then of course the numbers are just like extremely spiking in the last week and now they're going to re shut everything I think. But it's like that was so
SPEAKER_R: Isn't
SPEAKER_L: foreseeable.
SPEAKER_R: it the second way that's gonna really kill things I think. I mean that was all that's crazy. I was seeing some numbers that said that the while the positive like covid cases are increasing massively. The, you think it's on a weekly basis or daily basis? I can't remember but said something like the deaths from covid are actually dropping. So I'm like that's, I mean it's one of those things where it's like, okay, so probably get it regardless. But it seems like fewer and fewer people are dying from it. I don't know. Let's take a win wherever we can get it at this point. 2020 sucks.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's true. No that's good though. I mean maybe they're like figuring out how to deal with it a little bit better. Um Now
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: that it's been
SPEAKER_R: hope
SPEAKER_L: around
SPEAKER_R: so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Um But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: anyways I noticed is that a is that some music there in the in the background that I see, Are you like a music major of some sort?
SPEAKER_L: no I played violin when I was a kid and like during, well okay it's been a couple of years now I've been trying to relearn it but especially during Covid I've been spending a lot of time trying to get back into the violin because I really like it, but it's just a hard instrument. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I play bass guitar. So
SPEAKER_L: Sweet.
SPEAKER_R: I kind of yeah, I understand a little bit of how hard it is to play certain certain things. I never tried violin. I mean, but I mean I can can relate to a level where you're going, I wanna be able to play this and then you try to play it and you're like, well this is gonna take forever.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah, totally. What kind of music do you play?
SPEAKER_R: Um Mostly rock, I mean it's like I kind of whatever I'm in the mood to kind of play, I don't play nearly as frequently as I used to. Uh I've been I've been playing since I was 21 I'm about to be about to be 31 next month second. It's kind of just whatever, you know, whatever I feel like kind of playing. Um But mostly it's rock, it's gonna be something in the thing at the rock genre, I guess you could say. So um Foo Fighters is probably month number
SPEAKER_L: Sweet.
SPEAKER_R: one band that I like to play stuff for. Um It's I can't think of anything off the top of my head. Gaslight anthem was another band. I'm a massive fan
SPEAKER_L: Who?
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. Gaslight anthem.
SPEAKER_R: gaslight anthem is pretty good. I have a tendency to like be a big fan of bands and all over exists. So uh the Bullfighters, I think are the only ones like stayed together consistently that I've been a fan of. So it's like,
SPEAKER_L: It's funny you say that you started at 21 because like aside from the violin thing, I also started playing guitar at 21 now. So I've been playing guitar since then. I'm 27 now and I also have been playing tenor guitar. So it's like a four string guitar that's a little bit higher and I love it. It's kind of a rare instrument, like I don't see it very often. Um
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: know that was the thing.
SPEAKER_L: I'm into I'm into rock and especially like acoustic rock, not like acoustic rock, but like rock that's not as distorted I guess.
SPEAKER_R: Um It's more like a natural kind of sound like they
SPEAKER_L: It's like like violent, like what's it called? The violent femmes and uh it would be another one that I like. Um Mhm. I don't know. Uh
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: There's a lot of there's a lot of different rock stuff. I like I also like older stuff like talking heads and you know bob Dylan and stuff like that too.
SPEAKER_R: and say I've been on a big binge of uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: genesis, especially their older stuff. I'm becoming
SPEAKER_L: You're talking
SPEAKER_R: fan
SPEAKER_L: about?
SPEAKER_R: of like prog rock here recently. It's kind of weird, but genesis Rush, I'm a big Fleetwood Mac fan.
SPEAKER_L: Hopefully with Mac is so good.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, very good. Like and not just rumors, rumors is just, it's one of those like you put that as like a top 10 album of all time type thing. I think your video feed just cut out. Yeah, looks like it did
SPEAKER_L: No, that's too bad. I can still see me. Uh I don't know what to do. I'm not supposed
SPEAKER_R: I?
SPEAKER_L: to exit out a thing.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I know, I know right. It's like
SPEAKER_L: All right.
SPEAKER_R: crap, what are we supposed to? I don't know. I can still hear you though,
SPEAKER_L: As long as
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: can
SPEAKER_L: can
SPEAKER_R: still
SPEAKER_L: hear
SPEAKER_R: hear
SPEAKER_L: me I
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: guess.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we'll keep we'll keep moving on. Um
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: yet
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: mrs good. But I haven't explored much outside of that actually. I guess how I think about it.
SPEAKER_R: like the album they did before which was just a just Fleetwood Mac. That was 1975. That was a that is also a great album. And then the follow up to rumors which is tusk. Um I think those three albums in general, they just paint like a like that's some of the greatest music I've ever really listened to personally. Um
SPEAKER_L: I'm gonna definitely listen to those other two because I love rumors and I mean their sound is really great. Also I um I like music when there's female vocalist and
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: I feel
SPEAKER_R: you are.
SPEAKER_L: kind of rare. Oh nice, I feel like that's that's a bit rare at least in my music library. The reason.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm the same way I'm very picky about the female vocals I'm gonna listen to. Um I kind of think I kind of prefer, to be honest with you, I do like Stevie Nicks voice but I think I personally prefer the songs that Christine McVie uh does just I don't know uh personal preference there, but yeah that the music has been, the music has always been like a big aspect of my life in general, so if I'm not if I'm not playing it that I'm trying to to sing it um as horribly as it probably sounds. But
SPEAKER_L: that's how I am too though I I get it. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: so uh so what do you do then uh
SPEAKER_L: so.
SPEAKER_R: since we,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, well okay, so it's actually crazy when I was when everything with Covid started, I was actually teaching english in France, and so up until about a month ago I was in France and the lockdown in France was intense, I mean it was like way more intense than here, like we weren't allowed to uh go further than one kilometer from our place, we had to have a document
SPEAKER_R: generated.
SPEAKER_L: that said what we were doing and uh so obviously since I was a teacher like my work, I moved to online, but then it was just very, very poorly, like no one was prepared for that. So then like, because it was the end of the school year, things just kind of like fizzled out. I mean like the government said, okay, we're not going to do final exams, you're just going to give the students the grades that they had. And uh
SPEAKER_R: Hey
SPEAKER_L: so I've slowly, I'm still on the payroll and stuff. This is technically the last, what is it june 30 today is my last day of work technically, but I haven't really been interacting with the students much because everything has just like died down. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So being from home kind of a thing like they're still communicating with your students out and out in France
SPEAKER_L: So,
SPEAKER_R: or.
SPEAKER_L: so I stayed long enough that I could, I was going to stay the entire time and then do the rest of the school year online and I was going to stay in France. But then when it became clear that like I was only putting in like two or three hours a day and then like two or three hours a week, then I was like, well, there's no point in me being in France because this is like, I might as well be with my family during this time. So then I flew back. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: mm that
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: makes sense because I mean better to to spend the time with your family as much as as much as possible before things before things got, you know, super crazy because I'm seeing now we're um they're
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: actually saying, I think the eu has come out and said that they don't want people from the US flying in or something like that, so, you know, they get a taste of trump's they Yeah, I guess I uh kind of a thing.
SPEAKER_L: I, I heard that too. Which is like, I mean, it makes sense if you look at the numbers and stuff, but yeah, a bit ironic I guess because our, we're always trying to keep people out and now it's being done to us.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's insane because um so me and my fiance and I just got married this year and yeah, so we're still going ahead, our our wedding is in november, so we're like fingers crossed. But like we were thinking of like a plan b as far as honeymoon because we were gonna go to Disney World, we're both big Disney fans and then like all this stuff is like, because Disney in and of itself is like, there's so much that's not gonna be there even when we're there kind of thing, so we're kind of going back and forth like that, we still want to do this and all that. They were like, well let's think of a plan B. And when the whole thing came down with traveling to the european Union, I was like, well that kind of goes that limits Plan B Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, I don't even think, I think we're not even allowed to go to Mexico right now either.
SPEAKER_R: I know. Yeah, I don't think so, I don't even think Canada will let us in, you know? So we're kind of we're kind of stuck with, you know where we are. I was almost always, almost just like let's just go to Hawaii, but we're like not beach people at all, but we're just like, we could just say we went to Hawaii
SPEAKER_L: You could, oh,
SPEAKER_R: what other after.
SPEAKER_L: you know, you know, you could do is, you could go, you could go to Montana because there, there are like, okay, when there's like a bad day, when it helps my video cut out Shit, right? Can you hear me okay? When there was like a bad day in Montana's Covid, It's like 20 cases in the state or something. It's like, there are so few people, like if you rented a cabin on a lake or something, you'd be away from everyone and be beautiful.
SPEAKER_R: it would be like a Stephen King book or something like that, you know, or we're in Maine, but it's actually Montana. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: exactly.
SPEAKER_R: So um so you're big, you're big Ben into to the french language, I'm assuming you uh so are you super fluent? Like
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, I okay. So it's funny because that's also something that like I started doing later in life, like I started learning it when I was 23 so it hasn't even been that long,
SPEAKER_R: 12?
SPEAKER_L: but I like really got into it because I don't know, I just like love language and um, it's kind of like solving a puzzle like like learning all the pieces of the language and then being able to put them together and then now like right before I got back that had been two years that I've been living in France, so at the end I felt pretty fluent sometimes I still make like grammatical errors when I'm speaking, but I am always able to keep up the conversation and like communicate even if it's like even if whatever makes some mistakes,
SPEAKER_R: I still, it's still cool, I work with that. So one of the level ones I work with, she's from Venezuela and I don't know what kind of spanish, you know, kind of a thing, but whenever, now you've got an accent when he said I'm like what are you talking about? An accent kind of a thing, So, but I would love to visit France. Sunday the flu is a place that I would probably just uh oh my God, the men of hours I've spent in that place, both me and my fiance actually, um she took two years of spanish and I spent by France or french in high school and she
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: loves the language she actually uh pretty gravitated to it pretty well, like if she wanted to go and get a degree in in in uh in french, then she probably could. Uh so it's kind of neat though, that you, you know, you speak it and you worked out there kind of a thing, and then also she's so um so well and you know, kind of into it, that's like that's the place we want to visit. I am curious about what they know, I'm curious as someone who's been to France, I'm pretty sure you've been to paris multiple times. Is it as dirty as the place as they say?
SPEAKER_L: it's pretty dirty but I mean I don't, Have you been to new york?
SPEAKER_R: I'm not, I'm not, I am, I'm a lowly southern boy.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No no worries. It's just like I think that um many big cities are like super similar in their level of grime and dirtiness and unless you're in a place where they like really make it a point to clean up the city, I think. Yeah, paris is kind of dirty. I mean it has its charm also, right? Like like what you were talking about the loop is really great and there's like all of the amazing, beautiful attractions and like they're still beautiful, but like if you walk through this, it's a little dirty. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean, I would assume it would be like walking through Atlanta. I mean, I don't know if you've ever been to Atlanta before.
SPEAKER_L: I was a kid when I went, I can't really remember.
SPEAKER_R: it's probably not, not much to really remember about it, There's not much, they have Atlanta itself. Um There's no, there's, there's a few things to go and visit in Atlanta, but it's, it's kind of, I worked down in Atlanta previous job, I did some software development and walk out and nothing, but, you know, homeless people and peddlers and look, man, I'm just trying, I'm just trying to go over here to Quiznos and get me a sandwich. So just back off, you know, or like this one guy who was like, hey man, you got any money? Like no man, I don't have any cash on me. I was like all got to debit card and he's like there's an A. T. M. Right over here. I'd like to
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: come on little aggressive now. Gosh
SPEAKER_L: little bit direct. That's
SPEAKER_R: it's like
SPEAKER_L: funny.
SPEAKER_R: let's just walk a little faster. But uh we're cool man, I think
SPEAKER_L: we're
SPEAKER_R: I think we've gone
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: to 25 minutes. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Well, it
SPEAKER_R: we've done that.
SPEAKER_L: to start you. This was this was really enjoyable.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah man this is a better experience than I was expecting and uh yeah you uh you stay safe and I hope you're able to get back to. Ah there's a very few complications. My dude,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Thanks. You Tuesday safe.
SPEAKER_R: take care.