it's going pretty good, how are you?
I'm chris it's nice. Okay,
I am currently in Georgia. Um
Yeah, I'm uh in a town called Buford about 30 miles northeast of Atlanta. How much? Self?
Okay, where was that? Where is that again? It kind of broke up
Portland, wow. West coast.
You're the first person that I've ever talked to from Montana then, so that's fantastic.
I mean it's a big place,
right? It's a lot of, I mean at least the pictures like there's a lot of land and a lot of lot of pretty land, but like I think the per capita of people or something like that isn't, I don't know, it's not a ton of people that live out there, but I'm actually originally from Alabama. Um
Yeah, so. Uh
That's that's crazy though. Yeah, I can't um
wow, you have a grandmother from Alabama. It's okay that you don't know where she's from. There's not, I mean not too many places in Alabama that are just like woo. Yeah Alabama. Yeah I mean it's like saying here from Alabama is like saying well at least I'm not from Mississippi or Arkansas like got that going for me
I work for a small company. It's uh I mostly do I. T. Work um I'm like a desktop support specialist person. But the company is like uh uh it does copiers so there's a lot of copier repairs and stuff like that. But I'm part of like a small division of I. T. So it's like we're trying to ramp up and do some more I. T. Type. Type stuff so managed I. T. So um I was originally like a. Level one so I was answering phone calls and just being like hey you know let
me help you out with your problem over the phone. But then uh here recently right before the covid stuff kind of started getting a little crazy uh I was promoted to uh to the Manor status uh section sort of thing. So
that's
what I've been trying to kind of get through a bunch of that stuff while also at times working remotely. And
it's just been an interesting learning curve. So, so
what
not really, I'll be honest with you, most of what's kind of like um what's crazy? I can do my job remotely almost. No problem. Because most of what I'm doing is promoting into people's computers, assisting them with whatever problem they have. I mean it's resetting passwords or some, there's some harder stuff we have to kind of deal with it or and whatnot. But um the
one thing that's actually holding from home working remotely is the are the other bosses. They there's there's there clinging onto this whole, you know, all we got to get back to normal kind of mentality and I'm just sitting there kind of going, okay, all right,
if you say so, I mean for about a month and a half, two months we were working remotely, so essentially right here where I'm sitting, I was able to uh you know, talk with people, I work with people, we were using Microsoft teams to communicate back and forth, and I feel like we we learned that we were able to do our job just as efficiently after a little bit of time. It was a little, there's a learning curve, but we were able to do our jobs just as efficiently, in my opinion as we were able to do them working in the office. I just feel like that our president, our company is very old school mindset, he's an older gentleman, he's in his sixties, um, just wanted to kind of get back to get back to normal and that's, that's left. A lot of us kind of uncomfortable, unfortunately. But um, but yeah, it never got, it never impacted the way we could work. You know, several of the other, uh, the tier one team to people, one guy, I interact with them on a daily basis, assisting them and most of them have the, they essentially said, hey, I don't, I mean, I've got a kid at home, you know, like, I don't know why we can't work from home, you know, kind of a thing because it would be far safer and we've proven that we can do it. And so we've never gotten a clear cut answer is to, you know, why we can't go back to working from home outside of it. Just being the president, the company wants to be able to show off their bodies. Were you? Nobody's in the office kind of thing. So it's
kind of
mm. No it doesn't. I mean it's like what drives what boggles my mind a bit with this, I mean I'm gonna kind of like like venting a bit here too.
but it just boggles my mind is I work in a network
operations center so you gotta have a card key essentially to get into this room and there's about I don't know 10 to 15 of us
in this, I mean it's not a small room but
I've
got a level one who's right behind my back kind of a thing, you know that six ft never heard of her. You know I'm talking about like it's it's like you can't not you know you can't do the social distancing when you're in that type of a space. There's just no
way you can um They tried to move some people around and all that but it's not I don't know they could have they could have easily done us on a rotating schedule some of us in the office some of us out of the office. But it's I mean you gotta you gotta unfortunately I mean in this in the the period of time we live in you kinda have to follow the rules of it you know? But I'm also sitting there going all right man if I come down with Covid you know they're not going to they're not gonna care. I mean I don't have the I don't have the P. T. O. You know vacation time sick leave whatever to take in order to to take care of myself. So are they going to let me work remotely then? Because if they do then that's a that's that's a cop out, you know what I mean? That makes no sense to me. So
because then we could have we could have avoided all this by just having everyone work from home. But I mean
and daddy. Yeah. Yeah
and it's even crazier so my fiance because we share an apartment and she had to fight tooth and nail because she works and um she has to like there's a lot of paperwork stuff she has to do. Um She's not an actual real estate agent. She's like part of the behind the scenes people that you know process all the all the stuff and she had to fight tooth and nail to get the you know to get things set up so she can work from home. She starts to drive down to the office in order to get the stuff for her to work, but she doesn't have to stay in the office, she can avoid people. So she drives down to the office, gets their stuff that comes back up to the apartment and does all of her work in the living room, you know?
And I'm
like so and I mean we've just seen like our companies just somebody everyone's got their own like way of doing things. It's it's crazy because I wish we had some kind of like mandate you know, hey this is the way things are going to go, but it just
feels like hey you guys figure it out on your own and you know it's it's
kinda depressing
is considered essential
because
they repair copiers, right? And uh the government uses coffee machines so they've been able to kind of you know, slide in under there, so we're essential were essential employees. Uh The same thing kind of go only I guess the same thing goes with where my fiance works. I mean I guess you could say I'm thankful to have a job. I mean throughout Covid I've had a full time 40 hour with job. Um You know, I've I've not missed a payment on anything that had any kind of issues like that, but at the same time I'm just like you know, we could we could be a little smarter about things. Uh I don't feel like as far as like uh the governor of Georgia, I think it's a complete moron, personally, he's
brian broke a brian kemp is the is the president fact he won the election? They stopped some really sketchy tactics. Uh Mhm. Yeah, final count or something that nature. And it's like he won by maybe a couple 100 votes that everyone was going. Yeah, it was everyone was like, wait, what are you sure about that? But because he was secretary of State, Secretary of State and the state of Georgia, um They're the ones that run the elections
there are over the elections. So I smell some uh some corruption there a
little bit
you're telling me. Yeah.
Uh And then uh there's been so there's been some terrible like the freaking uh the elections that they just had like uh early in june, they didn't have enough polling stations. And the secretary of the current Secretary of State was blaming polling stations for not, you know, being more prepared when they decided to change things up. Like in the last minute while we have a pandemic going on. It's just been it's just been a god, it's been a mess. But but yeah, so I don't know, you may, I don't know how like often frequent like reddit or social
media
or some not that often. Okay, there was a meme essentially that was created from Governor kemp way back when we were just kind of starting to get into the coronavirus thing. Um like everyone knew almost from the, I'm not just from the get go, but it was fairly common knowledge about a month or so in that it could, you know, it could be asymptomatic. And um there was a press conference, the governor kEMp had were saying that you didn't have to use a mask but you could use a mask. And then he was shocked when someone said that the, you know the virus was asymptomatic and everyone was kind of going, what didn't you have this information figure the governor of a state, You
didn't
have all the information? Oh dear Lord to be fair he and I don't know if you I don't know what your political views are like. I mean uh but he's like a miniature trumpet feels like he's like a trump wannabe, it feels like at times um it's
just uh man
but
anyways
yeah man I'm telling you it is um it's like it's one of the things you sit back and you're going like you know like I said I'm from Alabama so I'm used to like political gaffes and stupid stuff going on at the state level but then it's like I'm over here in Georgia and I'm like oh great now George is you know that's the last thing we need is people talking bad about Georgia and yeah we're in the news for the wrong reasons.
good.
What
gates?
Isn't
it the second way that's gonna really kill things I think. I mean that was all that's crazy. I was seeing some numbers that said that the while the positive like covid cases are increasing massively. The, you think it's on a weekly basis or daily basis? I can't remember but said something like the deaths from covid are actually dropping. So I'm like that's, I mean it's one of those things where it's like, okay, so probably get it regardless. But it seems like fewer and fewer people are dying from it. I don't know. Let's take a win wherever we can get it at this point. 2020 sucks.
I
hope
so. Yeah.
Um But
anyways I noticed is that a is that some music there in the in the background that I see, Are you like a music major of some sort?
I play bass guitar. So
I kind of yeah, I understand a little bit of how hard it is to play certain certain things. I never tried violin. I mean, but I mean I can can relate to a level where you're going, I wanna be able to play this and then you try to play it and you're like, well this is gonna take forever.
Um Mostly rock, I mean it's like I kind of whatever I'm in the mood to kind of play, I don't play nearly as frequently as I used to. Uh I've been I've been playing since I was 21 I'm about to be about to be 31 next month second. It's kind of just whatever, you know, whatever I feel like kind of playing. Um But mostly it's rock, it's gonna be something in the thing at the rock genre, I guess you could say. So um Foo Fighters is probably month number
one band that I like to play stuff for. Um It's I can't think of anything off the top of my head. Gaslight anthem was another band. I'm a massive fan
of
gaslight anthem is pretty good. I have a tendency to like be a big fan of bands and all over exists. So uh the Bullfighters, I think are the only ones like stayed together consistently that I've been a fan of. So it's like,
you
know that was the thing.
Um It's more like a natural kind of sound like they
that
and say I've been on a big binge of uh
genesis, especially their older stuff. I'm becoming
fan
of like prog rock here recently. It's kind of weird, but genesis Rush, I'm a big Fleetwood Mac fan.
Yes, very good. Like and not just rumors, rumors is just, it's one of those like you put that as like a top 10 album of all time type thing. I think your video feed just cut out. Yeah, looks like it did
I?
Yeah, I know, I know right. It's like
crap, what are we supposed to? I don't know. I can still hear you though,
I
can
still
hear
you.
Yeah, we'll keep we'll keep moving on. Um
But
like,
like the album they did before which was just a just Fleetwood Mac. That was 1975. That was a that is also a great album. And then the follow up to rumors which is tusk. Um I think those three albums in general, they just paint like a like that's some of the greatest music I've ever really listened to personally. Um
there
you are.
Yeah, I'm the same way I'm very picky about the female vocals I'm gonna listen to. Um I kind of think I kind of prefer, to be honest with you, I do like Stevie Nicks voice but I think I personally prefer the songs that Christine McVie uh does just I don't know uh personal preference there, but yeah that the music has been, the music has always been like a big aspect of my life in general, so if I'm not if I'm not playing it that I'm trying to to sing it um as horribly as it probably sounds. But
so uh so what do you do then uh
since we,
generated.
Hey
So being from home kind of a thing like they're still communicating with your students out and out in France
or.
mm that
makes sense because I mean better to to spend the time with your family as much as as much as possible before things before things got, you know, super crazy because I'm seeing now we're um they're
actually saying, I think the eu has come out and said that they don't want people from the US flying in or something like that, so, you know, they get a taste of trump's they Yeah, I guess I uh kind of a thing.
Yeah, it's insane because um so me and my fiance and I just got married this year and yeah, so we're still going ahead, our our wedding is in november, so we're like fingers crossed. But like we were thinking of like a plan b as far as honeymoon because we were gonna go to Disney World, we're both big Disney fans and then like all this stuff is like, because Disney in and of itself is like, there's so much that's not gonna be there even when we're there kind of thing, so we're kind of going back and forth like that, we still want to do this and all that. They were like, well let's think of a plan B. And when the whole thing came down with traveling to the european Union, I was like, well that kind of goes that limits Plan B Yeah,
I know. Yeah, I don't think so, I don't even think Canada will let us in, you know? So we're kind of we're kind of stuck with, you know where we are. I was almost always, almost just like let's just go to Hawaii, but we're like not beach people at all, but we're just like, we could just say we went to Hawaii
what other after.
it would be like a Stephen King book or something like that, you know, or we're in Maine, but it's actually Montana. Uh huh.
So um so you're big, you're big Ben into to the french language, I'm assuming you uh so are you super fluent? Like
12?
I still, it's still cool, I work with that. So one of the level ones I work with, she's from Venezuela and I don't know what kind of spanish, you know, kind of a thing, but whenever, now you've got an accent when he said I'm like what are you talking about? An accent kind of a thing, So, but I would love to visit France. Sunday the flu is a place that I would probably just uh oh my God, the men of hours I've spent in that place, both me and my fiance actually, um she took two years of spanish and I spent by France or french in high school and she
loves the language she actually uh pretty gravitated to it pretty well, like if she wanted to go and get a degree in in in uh in french, then she probably could. Uh so it's kind of neat though, that you, you know, you speak it and you worked out there kind of a thing, and then also she's so um so well and you know, kind of into it, that's like that's the place we want to visit. I am curious about what they know, I'm curious as someone who's been to France, I'm pretty sure you've been to paris multiple times. Is it as dirty as the place as they say?
I'm not, I'm not, I am, I'm a lowly southern boy.
Yeah. I mean, I would assume it would be like walking through Atlanta. I mean, I don't know if you've ever been to Atlanta before.
it's probably not, not much to really remember about it, There's not much, they have Atlanta itself. Um There's no, there's, there's a few things to go and visit in Atlanta, but it's, it's kind of, I worked down in Atlanta previous job, I did some software development and walk out and nothing, but, you know, homeless people and peddlers and look, man, I'm just trying, I'm just trying to go over here to Quiznos and get me a sandwich. So just back off, you know, or like this one guy who was like, hey man, you got any money? Like no man, I don't have any cash on me. I was like all got to debit card and he's like there's an A. T. M. Right over here. I'd like to
come on little aggressive now. Gosh
it's like
let's just walk a little faster. But uh we're cool man, I think
I think we've gone
to 25 minutes. Yeah
we've done that.
Yeah man this is a better experience than I was expecting and uh yeah you uh you stay safe and I hope you're able to get back to. Ah there's a very few complications. My dude,
take care.