mhm. All right. Mhm. Yes, I suppose. Yes. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm, mm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. You know? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. What? Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Right. That's the last part. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Other people, it's okay. Yeah. How they do? Okay. Thank you. Good job. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. No, I have to tell you. Yeah. In doing this. Yeah, mm. Okay. Yeah. Hello? How's it going? That's
I'm doing well. My name is Aiden.
to meet you too. Uh where are you talking to me from?
Yeah.
I'm in Portland Oregon. I'm at my parents place right now
in Portland Oregon.
Yeah. Yeah, but I'm actually originally from Montana. Right? Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah. That's not the first time I've heard that. I don't think there are very many montanans
for
cool,
very good. I, I've never been to Alabama, but my grandma is from Alabama though now I'm embarrassed because I don't know where exactly she's from because now she lives in Knoxville, so for all my life I've thought of her as being from Tennessee, mhm.
Something magical.
So what do you, what do you do?
What?
that's
great.
Well,
does
that, but does that affect your ability to do your job much to work remotely if it's already a computer based job?
Good.
Right.
that
really doesn't make sense. I mean, especially if you can work because I mean I kind of get the I get why someone would be motivated to reopen the business in person if it were a business that relied on in person like things. But if you can work on your computer does not make sense to bring people into space together.
Yeah, that's fine.
Yeah.
All
I told
you.
No.
totally,
wow, that's
Yeah.
That's
great.
Stop.
Wait.
So what's been the what's been the like legislative response in Georgia? Like your your company is allowed to be open right now? Is it considered like uh
Yeah. Yeah. Okay, that's what I meant, that's what
I was trying to ask.
I don't know I don't know who it is. I don't know much about Georgia.
No way.
That's
that's such a conflict of interest.
God
Not that
often
my
gosh.
no.
So you
got
it on the on the national level and the state level?
that's too bad. Like here it's man here we've also fucked up though because they have already tried to like start reopening everything and uh okay originally they like set this this bar and it was like you had to have these things in place your numbers have to be below a specific amount. You had to have so many vacancies in the I. C. U. S. And then you can reopen things but then there was time passing and we just weren't hitting those numbers and then they were like all right fuck it we'll just open anyways and so now they
like opened restaurants and
like
dude it's been so bad and then of course the numbers are just like extremely spiking in the last week and now they're going to re shut everything I think. But it's like that was so
foreseeable.
Yeah that's true. No that's good though. I mean maybe they're like figuring out how to deal with it a little bit better. Um Now
that it's been
around
Yeah.
Yeah.
no I played violin when I was a kid and like during, well okay it's been a couple of years now I've been trying to relearn it but especially during Covid I've been spending a lot of time trying to get back into the violin because I really like it, but it's just a hard instrument. Mhm.
Sweet.
Right. Yeah, totally. What kind of music do you play?
Sweet.
Who?
I don't know. Gaslight anthem.
It's funny you say that you started at 21 because like aside from the violin thing, I also started playing guitar at 21 now. So I've been playing guitar since then. I'm 27 now and I also have been playing tenor guitar. So it's like a four string guitar that's a little bit higher and I love it. It's kind of a rare instrument, like I don't see it very often. Um
But
I'm into I'm into rock and especially like acoustic rock, not like acoustic rock, but like rock that's not as distorted I guess.
It's like like violent, like what's it called? The violent femmes and uh it would be another one that I like. Um Mhm. I don't know. Uh
There's a lot of there's a lot of different rock stuff. I like I also like older stuff like talking heads and you know bob Dylan and stuff like that too.
Yeah.
You're talking
about?
Hopefully with Mac is so good.
No, that's too bad. I can still see me. Uh I don't know what to do. I'm not supposed
to exit out a thing.
All right.
As long as
you
can
hear
me I
guess.
But
yet
mrs good. But I haven't explored much outside of that actually. I guess how I think about it.
I'm gonna definitely listen to those other two because I love rumors and I mean their sound is really great. Also I um I like music when there's female vocalist and
I feel
kind of rare. Oh nice, I feel like that's that's a bit rare at least in my music library. The reason.
that's how I am too though I I get it. Yeah,
so.
Yeah, well okay, so it's actually crazy when I was when everything with Covid started, I was actually teaching english in France, and so up until about a month ago I was in France and the lockdown in France was intense, I mean it was like way more intense than here, like we weren't allowed to uh go further than one kilometer from our place, we had to have a document
that said what we were doing and uh so obviously since I was a teacher like my work, I moved to online, but then it was just very, very poorly, like no one was prepared for that. So then like, because it was the end of the school year, things just kind of like fizzled out. I mean like the government said, okay, we're not going to do final exams, you're just going to give the students the grades that they had. And uh
so I've slowly, I'm still on the payroll and stuff. This is technically the last, what is it june 30 today is my last day of work technically, but I haven't really been interacting with the students much because everything has just like died down. Yeah.
So,
so I stayed long enough that I could, I was going to stay the entire time and then do the rest of the school year online and I was going to stay in France. But then when it became clear that like I was only putting in like two or three hours a day and then like two or three hours a week, then I was like, well, there's no point in me being in France because this is like, I might as well be with my family during this time. So then I flew back. Yeah.
All
No.
I, I heard that too. Which is like, I mean, it makes sense if you look at the numbers and stuff, but yeah, a bit ironic I guess because our, we're always trying to keep people out and now it's being done to us.
Yeah. Well, I don't even think, I think we're not even allowed to go to Mexico right now either.
You could, oh,
you know, you know, you could do is, you could go, you could go to Montana because there, there are like, okay, when there's like a bad day, when it helps my video cut out Shit, right? Can you hear me okay? When there was like a bad day in Montana's Covid, It's like 20 cases in the state or something. It's like, there are so few people, like if you rented a cabin on a lake or something, you'd be away from everyone and be beautiful.
exactly.
Yeah. Well, I okay. So it's funny because that's also something that like I started doing later in life, like I started learning it when I was 23 so it hasn't even been that long,
but I like really got into it because I don't know, I just like love language and um, it's kind of like solving a puzzle like like learning all the pieces of the language and then being able to put them together and then now like right before I got back that had been two years that I've been living in France, so at the end I felt pretty fluent sometimes I still make like grammatical errors when I'm speaking, but I am always able to keep up the conversation and like communicate even if it's like even if whatever makes some mistakes,
No.
it's pretty dirty but I mean I don't, Have you been to new york?
Yeah. No no worries. It's just like I think that um many big cities are like super similar in their level of grime and dirtiness and unless you're in a place where they like really make it a point to clean up the city, I think. Yeah, paris is kind of dirty. I mean it has its charm also, right? Like like what you were talking about the loop is really great and there's like all of the amazing, beautiful attractions and like they're still beautiful, but like if you walk through this, it's a little dirty. Yeah.
I was a kid when I went, I can't really remember.
That's
little bit direct. That's
funny.
we're
good.
Well, it
to start you. This was this was really enjoyable.
Yeah. Thanks. You Tuesday safe.