SPEAKER_L: mm. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, that's great, yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Mhm Hi. Mhm. Mhm Mhm. Mhm. All right. Mhm Oh
SPEAKER_R: nice to meet you. I yeah,
SPEAKER_L: are you going?
SPEAKER_R: it's over there. Yeah, pretty good. Uh How things
SPEAKER_L: too bad,
SPEAKER_R: going with you? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'm not too bad. Forget forgive me. Last time I tried to do this one I just stood here waiting for I don't know, 20 minutes and nobody showed up.
SPEAKER_R: I waited like 12 minutes. Yes, I'm sorry if I speak over here by the way, it always makes me kind of nervous, so I have this habit of interrupting people. I'm really sorry if I do that.
SPEAKER_L: That's okay. So so where you calling
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: from
SPEAKER_R: you. Where am I from? I'm
SPEAKER_L: with
SPEAKER_R: from here in Bakersfield, I'm
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: from Bakersfield, California and uh so I've lived here pretty much my whole life except for a couple of interludes here and there. Um
SPEAKER_L: so make us feel that. So right now it's 2:00 on your side I guess. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: wow.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I'm all the way out and I'm on over here on the East Coast, I'm in new york, so it's five o'clock over here,
SPEAKER_R: Over, that's three hours. What was three hours ahead? Three hours behind?
SPEAKER_L: three hours ahead. 3, 3 hours ahead.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, three hours ahead. Yeah, I should know that. Uh most of my family was from new york originally and then uh my father was a doctor, so as soon as he married my mother and they graduated from uh he graduated from medical school, she graduated from nursing school, They moved down to florida, then to Louisiana.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: My sisters were born in new york too and they moved down to florida and Louisiana. Um And then finally they ended up in California. That's that's kind of how I I got here but they're all from new york themselves.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, so originally uh both I guess went up the east up and down the East Coast and then finally out west.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah pretty much yeah as well my father kept getting into trouble at least as much as my mother tells it he wasn't doing what he was supposed to as a doctor. So I guess I guess
SPEAKER_L: In
SPEAKER_R: he went to prison for a little while and
SPEAKER_L: wild
SPEAKER_R: yeah kind of a crazy story that they ended up here that that's how they ended up here in Bakersfield just you know
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: traversing
SPEAKER_L: every
SPEAKER_R: the country now.
SPEAKER_L: everybody has their stories, you know I'm not I'm not one to judge on that. So uh if you're in California is are you still on a stay at home order or or what's the deal now?
SPEAKER_R: technically we're gonna stay at home order but not a shelter in place. Like I know for a while I think it was like san Francisco and some of the major cities where I think they called it a shelter in place where they were like required by law to remain for a certain period of time. I guess there was a curfew or something
SPEAKER_L: we've got
SPEAKER_R: like here.
SPEAKER_L: one.
SPEAKER_R: I think it's the year I think it's just called stay at home the whole state. So here we're slightly it's slightly less um what would you call it, a stretch? But they're beginning to close everything
SPEAKER_L: Scream.
SPEAKER_R: back down again because you know they're seeing such
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: an increase in the numbers.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I think that that's that was pretty much new york back about I would say 2.5 months ago when we were prior to phase one reopening. Uh it was it was a little shelter in place and unless you were essential worker or you were you happen to go out for groceries, those are really pretty much only two reasons that you were going to venture out of the house. In fact I think dad are walking the dog but then you would need to have a dog for that to be valid. Um Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: so a lot of people here are, you know, even though right now we got, we're getting back up to, it's funny because we even right now we're back up to phase war, but it just goes to show it doesn't matter what the city uh, tells you what phases they're in there. They're still going to be people, there are still people, there still gonna be at the majority of people who are, you know, not, not want to go out. Like for example, today, uh today I walked by off by coney Island, which is the beach area and it's literally, you know, right now on a day like today where new york we're talking about Today is 85, and it's, you know, sunny out. You expect the beaches to be packed on a normal day like this. I mean today very, very sparse.
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: Like even though we're on Phase four and uh you know, the beach area, they have outdoor dining, still very little people outside.
SPEAKER_R: I think in new york people you know are doing the right thing by following the orders whereas in like you know this is kind of a conservative part of uh not to put politics into this but it's kind of a different part of California you associate with san Francisco for L. A. So it people don't follow the order. They don't always put on masks, they don't stay at home and they're supposed to do and so it makes it much more difficult to new york
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: you know kind of all um group together and I think mostly what you guys were supposed to and that that helped bring the cases down. I know it was really intense there for a while.
SPEAKER_L: because it was it was kind of, it was kind of forced upon us. I mean, literally, I think at one time I have a friend who happen to live in queens and right at the epicenter, um have you heard of Elmhurst Hospital? You literally had people that were lining up outside the door and you know, you didn't want to go walk down that street if you didn't have to. So it's almost like you get to the point where uh everybody knows that yeah, this is going around and because we live in such dense, I mean, you're a city, you live in a dense area. Honestly, if somebody put it this way, somebody in your building catches it very high probability that you're not going to, you're not going to really refrain from it. It's it's that, you know, it's the density that we live in, that that controls everything.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Right. It's pretty incredible that they're saying it's like uh some people are saying it might be airborne even but I wonder if that's just a rumor to try to get people to think that wearing masks is an important
SPEAKER_L: Honestly,
SPEAKER_R: whereas you know you know.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I put it, I put it this way, uh you know what, let's call it a rumor. And you even, let's say it's also but on the off chance that it might be true. I mean, look, I agree wearing a masters in easy by any means. And when I take my kids out, my kids are very, very, my kids are very, very young. I have a four year old and a one year old have them wearing masses. It's even more difficult than for me, right? But
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: the alternative, you really don't have any alternative here. I mean, the alternative here is stay home, don't go out. And and that's pretty much it. So I almost put it, it's really the lesser of two evils like wear a mask. And I mean, it's not it's not it's
SPEAKER_R: It can't
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: hurt.
SPEAKER_L: gonna kill years. Although it doesn't I mean, look, it's I'm not alive, it's a level of discomfort. But the flip side of that here is I only say one thing, though, in my, with my vast network, I have not known anybody who passed away. That's not to say I haven't known people contracted it and people who contracted it and recovered. But even the recovery process is long, in fact, from getting into from knowing that peace positive, going into the hospital, going to intubate intubation, recovering, going into rehab. We're talking about From anywhere between on the fast side, six weeks on the slow side.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Uh huh. But
SPEAKER_L: from what I am, from what I know, 14 weeks. And that's just what I know I know some people are saying that you know they heard stories that people are recovering after like 20 or 30 weeks and I'm like that that's when I say recover. I mean you know you might feel you might feel like you're physically able after six weeks but you're your body is weak to the point where you need to go to rehab. You need to go to physical therapy. Uh I know I know one person who was an E. M. T. Worker right? He went down and by the time he came back uh she had to relearn completely how to walk. That's how it really really attacks you strongly. So I mean
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: devastating.
SPEAKER_L: take absolutely and look I tell him it's not it's not he could do anything to avoid it. I mean he works at the E. M. T. He's going
SPEAKER_R: One
SPEAKER_L: to have exposure,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: do
SPEAKER_L: risk of exposure and there's really no way to avoid it. So, the fact that he went
SPEAKER_R: Then
SPEAKER_L: under and look what he's my friend, he's literally my age. I mean, I look at and say, you know, I mean the
SPEAKER_R: It's been a while
SPEAKER_L: the federal guidelines is that we're not the at risk
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: people. But well look at him, I mean, arguably he's in much better physical shape than I am. And he went down to the port where God, I gotta say he was intubated, probably on the brink of diet. And that's just goes to show. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: Look, there's probably agree.
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: There's a Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I don't understand why it's so much more severe in some people, why I know in a lot of people the long damage, the heart damage last, you know, possibly permanently. But I wonder why the course of the disease in the beginning is so
SPEAKER_L: Look.
SPEAKER_R: much more severe with some people than others.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Right. Because because it's it's really weird. I mean, my coworker who contracted it from uh
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: His niece, you know, he's in his he's in his 60s, right? And I told him, well, you are at risk at risk category. And he's like, well, she contracted to she's in her thirties. But she basically, like, like I said, for some people, it's like a bad flu, but they get over and it's fine, you don't need to be hospitalized, nothing. But for some people forget it, they go, it really hits them hard and and there's there's no other way around it. It's just you you don't even know who who's gonna take you. I mean, you can make a guess that that, you know, the older the person and if you have underlying condition, you might not, it's gonna hit you harder. But
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: that's only that's generally anything. I mean, you could say that about
SPEAKER_R: Wearing
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: flu would hit a older uh physically disabled person harder than it was a healthier person. But that's anything. You know, when I just talk about this. But the fact of the matter is it's funny the growing vice really doesn't have a tale tell sign. Like, you know, it's going to hit you this way. They really don't tell you one way or the other. It's just if it hits you it hits you and you either recover you if you are CNN right? Chris chris cuomo cuomo got it and then his wife and his family and his son got it too. But they all recovered from it and even while he was um
SPEAKER_R: He's not a young man either. He's
SPEAKER_L: No, no, no.
SPEAKER_R: not but he's you know, middle aged, right? So
SPEAKER_L: he's
SPEAKER_R: it could
SPEAKER_L: definitely
SPEAKER_R: have
SPEAKER_L: better when he's
SPEAKER_R: what kind of as to how severe
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: going
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: I'm saying
SPEAKER_R: be.
SPEAKER_L: is, but it wasn't severe enough to stop him from doing his show is what I'm saying. And he's a good example. He's a good example where you see physically him every day and you kind of see his shape. You know that he's, you can see that from his normal talking um patterns, versaces. Uh, covid talking patterns is obviously struggling, but
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: it's not the debilitating to the point where I know some people, like I called my coworker, he can, he can talk to me. He just said, I call them and he just said, I only text, right? And I'm like, why can you only text? Like, I can't talk literally, you can't talk. So it's amazing. I mean, we all know this is really a respiratory disease, but it tax different people in different ways that I've never seen anything like it quite honestly.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I've been very lucky
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: mean,
SPEAKER_R: as much as I haven't known to personally come down with it here, we still don't think at most, something like 500 new infections per day. It's a I'm sure eventually, you know, it's going to start affecting everyone and going to all have to hunker hunker down a little more than we have been. But we've been lucky here up until recently.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, that's that's definitely good news I can say is kind of, I think the greater the distance you have between, I guess living areas, the more likelihood that like, for example, when new york was really going on in the city, we were hearing like Thousands, really, 8000 cases were uh, 6000 new cases a day and out in Long Island, which your suburbs, you might be hearing, you know, a couple of 100 but only in the clusters of, again, even in a suburb area, you only hear about in the main clusters where you have either like a civic center or you have a train station. So you expect, you know, where people gather or where there are major transportation hubs to, to be a greater, gets greater spreader of disease is, but I guess as long as you're out in the suburbs, really, um, the chances of you coming down are significantly lower versus, you know, here, you know, uh, between between between my neighbors on, on two sides and upstairs and downstairs. We're talking about, You know, in a sweat on one square block where I'm locked and blocks on that white, uh, that money to probably maybe 800 ft, oh, We'll talk about a very minimum of maybe 200 people living here. Their minimum. And that's in and out. And you know, you don't really get around. I I can't say I don't wanna, I don't wanna live next to my neighbor who happens to be a nurse. I can't say, you know, I don't wanna live there. But you know, we passed by each other on our way out sometimes and you really don't have any record against that. So that's why I think the spread here has been so um like it spiked up and thank God it's it's going down. But I think, I mean, I honestly tell me what's on my wife and I tell anybody that I know until there's a vaccine. I don't think anybody be comfortable like really Going outside starting indoor died. And I don't know if you heard but the 6ft social distance rule really only applies in the outdoor setting if you go indoors where there's ventilation and everything. I heard that it could and that's how that's how I know it's not feasible because even though uh in New York Phase one, we were allowed to be open office buildings, but my my place of work still work, only working from home. And I don't even know how you can reopen it because you're supposed to tell me I can't sit, let's use six, let's just use six ft. Even though indoors it's more than six ft, let's just use six ft. How is the six ft away from any of my colleagues? You know, even if we all eliminate, even we sit in every other cubicle, in which case, I mean in my seating area, we're talking about baby 20 people, you'll be able to see four. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Eventually
SPEAKER_L: There,
SPEAKER_R: you're gonna have to come into contact with people anyway. As long as you're out somewhere, you know it's going to be with people who haven't you know you're gonna be exposed however they have been exposed to. It's just
SPEAKER_L: yep. That's just that's just how it is. It's going to happen one way or the other and the work around there. Well, there's a vaccine and quite honestly,
SPEAKER_R: I really hope that they make progress on this that you know they're talking about Madonna and a couple of the other companies was advisor I think you know beginning to make progress but we're a long way off so far a couple a couple of months.
SPEAKER_L: I I think that even if a vaccine is invented tomorrow, it's going to take a couple of months for it to penetrate into the the consumer, for example, vaccine shows up tomorrow. I'm not so sure the consumer confidence is there yet? Like, I'm not gonna run out there and get that vaccine right away. Because unless unless you tell me it's the difference right now, if I if I don't if I don't take it, I'm going to die tomorrow, then you have no choice. Right? What? I don't think any healthy individual right now is gonna run out and take that vaccine and it's going to take a period of at least I think um maybe
SPEAKER_R: Well here.
SPEAKER_L: I'm gonna say four months before people are fully comfortable and saying, you know what I need to take, um I could take this vaccine and I don't know if you heard, but I think there was one in Russia who said that their vaccine, they haven't developed vaccine Fallujah, but they've already said that it's going to need a booster. So not only will you I have to take the vaccine. Now, everybody has to go in for the booster within that time frame. Right? So you're just adding more complexity, more complexity. On top of this meeting, you're gonna have people who took the vaccine, you're gonna have people who are or contagious infected and took the vaccine, but they didn't take their booster within time. So then they should have gone by and take the vaccine. And now you you have people who didn't take the vaccine and now they're, you know, they're potentially to be infected. So it's it's all sorts of complicated at this point is what I'm getting at.
SPEAKER_R: Well the immunity may only last six months or so but I still think it's worth it to take it. I
SPEAKER_L: Hold
SPEAKER_R: I think that
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: they're
SPEAKER_L: truth.
SPEAKER_R: going to be thorough, thorough as far as as you know, finding out what the side effects are first before they released on the market, I don't have any doubt.
SPEAKER_L: Oh absolutely. I mean I I say that if you if you can prove that it's effective, you know, I take it what I'm saying here proving that uh I'm assuming somebody has to push the market and then people are going to have to actually try. It was again a lab setting. You have all the things that under control. That's one thing. But I get the tell tale sign would be okay introduced actually into a known hot right into right now a spot at spiking And if you if nothing else and everybody lived their lives, lived their lives normally under no social distancing or what is like if the if the virus
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: numbers retreat, you know, it's because of the vaccine but any other if it doesn't retrieve or you know or plateaus, then you have to question was the vaccine really? Uh Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Well right right now they're just relying on you know um can it cause the immune system to produce antibodies and that's the basis on which they're going with I think you know but you're not whether or not that happens that reaction happens. I don't think they're they're looking at if we introduce this into the population, is it actually going to be effective uh you know uh on a social level is it going to get people to to not be affected large groups? But I
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: don't know.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I thought
SPEAKER_L: think automated
SPEAKER_R: of it,
SPEAKER_L: ultimately that's what we're all gunning for because we're gonna get to the point where I guess that a lot of these places you're going to have to prove that you're vaccinated, right? I mean normally, you know, you don't have to I mean only when you go into like when your kids go to school, they really fell off that vaccination card. Otherwise nobody walking down the street knows if your backs are there for the measles or chickenpox. They don't know that. But this one I think, I think you kind of have to force people, I think there's still, especially among the conservative crowd that, you know, you don't want to contact traced and and, and the whole nine. Obviously there's a significant privacy factor. But I think that if you don't enter into a public place, you keep as private as you want. But the moment you step foot into a public place, then I think you kinda, you kinda have to tell them you're vaccinated otherwise. How else do I know that this is safe
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: for your enter once we get a vaccine?
SPEAKER_R: don't think even a legal question as to whether or not you can do that. I I I think the legal authority exists to do it insists that people have some proof of being vaccinated, let alone you know, health. You know, I I think that I don't see a problem with it personally
SPEAKER_L: Well, uh, I honestly, I would advocate for because honestly, if you
SPEAKER_R: like that. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: nothing, I mean if you have something that vaccination and I don't want to do it, then you have every right to live your life the way you want to live it as long as you do not take that public aspect and affect other people. So the way I look
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: at it here is what's what's going to a public place. I mean even if it's simply as simple as an I. D. Badge that says you're vaccinated right? That's mailed by that's certified by some um in this case I guess you could say the C. D. C. Or something some governing body that says okay you're vaccinated. I think I think that that that has to be the way we work Because otherwise how are we supposed to know if somebody is either a vaccine or be contagious? You don't because it's because you know this is this could be spread asymptomatic. I think that's that's been proven beyond a doubt now at this
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: point.
SPEAKER_R: already has most likely that the number of infected is much larger than what they've been able to.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it was it was it was it was shocking. It was shocking to hear that the governor of Georgia learned that he learned of this being a asymptomatic transmission in the last week of May. I'm like, we've been hearing about that in new york since March. Now. You hear about it now, you finally figured it's asymptomatic transmission. I mean, We got six and you know what? I don't blame them if we were in 1971 when news doesn't get out as fast. But you know how, how quick news gets out nowadays. You can't you can't be more than if your politician in in this type of field, right? You cannot be more than 36 hours outdated and he's 2.5 months. This information is new to him 2.5 months later. It just doesn't make any sense.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. They should spend as much time educating themselves. People who are politicians as they do campaigning for all of it.
SPEAKER_L: Honestly. If it affects your constituents, you better be well versed into the problems. If it doesn't affect you fine. But if it affects your constituents and this one affects everybody. So, yeah, it'd be in your best interest to find out more about
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: All right. Um Yeah. All right. I think we
SPEAKER_L: talking to you, man.
SPEAKER_R: couple more minutes. I don't know uh I don't know how to stay what what what else comes to mind I guess. Um So
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: it's slowed down. It slowed down a lot where you are in new york. It's I mean I haven't seen any more upticks in that area. Or surges or it's all under control now.
SPEAKER_L: it feels like it's under control only because we still have a significant lower level of activity. Like you're not the buses
SPEAKER_R: Everything
SPEAKER_L: are not
SPEAKER_R: still
SPEAKER_L: as crime.
SPEAKER_R: shut down. He said it was phase. What phase are you and again
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: there's therefore fingers.
SPEAKER_L: the thing is, we're in phase for but phase for originally included gyms, bars, and indoor dining. But those are all ext out. So right now, you have outdoor dining. That's as far as we went in terms of reopening. But, you know, it's still a significant level of lower level of foot traffic. You know, your buses are not No. When I went to work on a normal subway, you know, we were we were shoulder to shoulder. That's how packed it was. But now, no, I'm now, you know, we don't even sit next to each other and that's sit not staying, we don't even sit next to each other that so the level of activity still is significantly lower than it was. So I would say that it's under control only because people are still really avoiding having to go out if they don't have to. But at the real telltale sign I'll tell you is when schools open back up that if we don't spike then I I think I think we're being declared but I don't know
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: yet.
SPEAKER_R: is that foot traffic in the car traffic like over there isn't
SPEAKER_L: On and on.
SPEAKER_R: much lower you know like
SPEAKER_L: are.
SPEAKER_R: the cars don't go everybody is still driving out here, there's still going by there's still as much traffic, maybe a few less people by foot, but they usually aren't that many people traveling
SPEAKER_L: I'll
SPEAKER_R: by foot here anyway.
SPEAKER_L: tell I'll tell you this. We are my driving. I've never had such comfortable driving in new york city ever. Ever. I mean I mean yeah, if some guy has has an accident on the freeway is still gonna be backed up. But barring that it has been pretty smooth on the roads because people have and there was only two weeks ago that they re institute the alternate side parking which is you know having to move the cars for the street cleaners. Right? So that's you know that in respect. I think the cars driving has been much better, much better.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. That that that would be the sign that people are taking it really, really seriously and that's what's responsible for cutting down on things because here, like I said, people are still driving around, people are still trying to go into whatever store they can that's still open if they're open.
SPEAKER_L: Oh also also one other thing though um there are stores here that uh and that's how you know we do we do even in new york city new york city where you know your stores are packed their stores where lines for up from outside like um and I happen to go into a trader joe's uh in
SPEAKER_R: cross
SPEAKER_L: Chelsea for example. And there's
SPEAKER_R: later.
SPEAKER_L: if I go all the time like right now I know it's gonna be packed. But what they do is they have lines formed
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: outside where it's one in one out. So even when you actually physically make it in there to shop, It's actually not congested at all because they're only allowing in
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I guess.
SPEAKER_R: have
SPEAKER_L: I think it was
SPEAKER_R: food.
SPEAKER_L: up to like 40% capacity, I think the limit is 50, but
SPEAKER_R: What would
SPEAKER_L: each store's policy is a little bit different, so I think some stores just play it safe.
SPEAKER_R: stores were doing that for maybe a week, two weeks here at most and then right back to normal after that.
SPEAKER_L: Oh we're still doing it, we've been doing that for the past ever since Phase two when retail shopping was allowed and face to reopen in June, so
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: we've been doing that for two months now, so I'm gonna see it stopping anytime soon.
SPEAKER_R: It's really interesting to talk to you. I think we've uh past 25 minutes, but thank you for
SPEAKER_L: Likewise.
SPEAKER_R: thanks for talking. I I'm you know, way more about this than me, and it's great to talk to the new york. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Just spread the word okay stay safe out there.
SPEAKER_R: All right. All