nice to meet you. I yeah,
it's over there. Yeah, pretty good. Uh How things
going with you? Yeah.
I waited like 12 minutes. Yes, I'm sorry if I speak over here by the way, it always makes me kind of nervous, so I have this habit of interrupting people. I'm really sorry if I do that.
thank
you. Where am I from? I'm
from here in Bakersfield, I'm
from Bakersfield, California and uh so I've lived here pretty much my whole life except for a couple of interludes here and there. Um
wow.
Over, that's three hours. What was three hours ahead? Three hours behind?
Yeah, three hours ahead. Yeah, I should know that. Uh most of my family was from new york originally and then uh my father was a doctor, so as soon as he married my mother and they graduated from uh he graduated from medical school, she graduated from nursing school, They moved down to florida, then to Louisiana.
My sisters were born in new york too and they moved down to florida and Louisiana. Um And then finally they ended up in California. That's that's kind of how I I got here but they're all from new york themselves.
Yeah pretty much yeah as well my father kept getting into trouble at least as much as my mother tells it he wasn't doing what he was supposed to as a doctor. So I guess I guess
he went to prison for a little while and
yeah kind of a crazy story that they ended up here that that's how they ended up here in Bakersfield just you know
traversing
the country now.
technically we're gonna stay at home order but not a shelter in place. Like I know for a while I think it was like san Francisco and some of the major cities where I think they called it a shelter in place where they were like required by law to remain for a certain period of time. I guess there was a curfew or something
like here.
I think it's the year I think it's just called stay at home the whole state. So here we're slightly it's slightly less um what would you call it, a stretch? But they're beginning to close everything
back down again because you know they're seeing such
an increase in the numbers.
Yeah.
What
I think in new york people you know are doing the right thing by following the orders whereas in like you know this is kind of a conservative part of uh not to put politics into this but it's kind of a different part of California you associate with san Francisco for L. A. So it people don't follow the order. They don't always put on masks, they don't stay at home and they're supposed to do and so it makes it much more difficult to new york
you know kind of all um group together and I think mostly what you guys were supposed to and that that helped bring the cases down. I know it was really intense there for a while.
Right. Right. It's pretty incredible that they're saying it's like uh some people are saying it might be airborne even but I wonder if that's just a rumor to try to get people to think that wearing masks is an important
whereas you know you know.
Mhm.
It can't
hurt.
Uh huh. Uh huh. But
That's
devastating.
One
I
do
Then
It's been a while
but
I
don't
I don't understand why it's so much more severe in some people, why I know in a lot of people the long damage, the heart damage last, you know, possibly permanently. But I wonder why the course of the disease in the beginning is so
much more severe with some people than others.
Uh huh.
What?
Wearing
my
He's not a young man either. He's
not but he's you know, middle aged, right? So
it could
have
what kind of as to how severe
it's
going
to
be.
And
Yeah, I've been very lucky
and
as much as I haven't known to personally come down with it here, we still don't think at most, something like 500 new infections per day. It's a I'm sure eventually, you know, it's going to start affecting everyone and going to all have to hunker hunker down a little more than we have been. But we've been lucky here up until recently.
Eventually
you're gonna have to come into contact with people anyway. As long as you're out somewhere, you know it's going to be with people who haven't you know you're gonna be exposed however they have been exposed to. It's just
I really hope that they make progress on this that you know they're talking about Madonna and a couple of the other companies was advisor I think you know beginning to make progress but we're a long way off so far a couple a couple of months.
Well here.
Well the immunity may only last six months or so but I still think it's worth it to take it. I
I think that
they're
going to be thorough, thorough as far as as you know, finding out what the side effects are first before they released on the market, I don't have any doubt.
It's
Well right right now they're just relying on you know um can it cause the immune system to produce antibodies and that's the basis on which they're going with I think you know but you're not whether or not that happens that reaction happens. I don't think they're they're looking at if we introduce this into the population, is it actually going to be effective uh you know uh on a social level is it going to get people to to not be affected large groups? But I
don't know.
I thought
of it,
I
don't think even a legal question as to whether or not you can do that. I I I think the legal authority exists to do it insists that people have some proof of being vaccinated, let alone you know, health. You know, I I think that I don't see a problem with it personally
like that. Okay.
All
It
already has most likely that the number of infected is much larger than what they've been able to.
Yeah. They should spend as much time educating themselves. People who are politicians as they do campaigning for all of it.
What?
All right. Um Yeah. All right. I think we
couple more minutes. I don't know uh I don't know how to stay what what what else comes to mind I guess. Um So
it's slowed down. It slowed down a lot where you are in new york. It's I mean I haven't seen any more upticks in that area. Or surges or it's all under control now.
Everything
still
shut down. He said it was phase. What phase are you and again
there's therefore fingers.
What
is that foot traffic in the car traffic like over there isn't
much lower you know like
the cars don't go everybody is still driving out here, there's still going by there's still as much traffic, maybe a few less people by foot, but they usually aren't that many people traveling
by foot here anyway.
Yeah. Yeah. That that that would be the sign that people are taking it really, really seriously and that's what's responsible for cutting down on things because here, like I said, people are still driving around, people are still trying to go into whatever store they can that's still open if they're open.
cross
later.
Well,
I
have
food.
What would
stores were doing that for maybe a week, two weeks here at most and then right back to normal after that.
What?
It's really interesting to talk to you. I think we've uh past 25 minutes, but thank you for
thanks for talking. I I'm you know, way more about this than me, and it's great to talk to the new york. Yeah.
All right. All