mm. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, that's great, yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Mhm Hi. Mhm. Mhm Mhm. Mhm. All right. Mhm Oh
are you going?
too bad,
I'm not too bad. Forget forgive me. Last time I tried to do this one I just stood here waiting for I don't know, 20 minutes and nobody showed up.
That's okay. So so where you calling
from
with
I
so make us feel that. So right now it's 2:00 on your side I guess. Yeah,
yeah, I'm all the way out and I'm on over here on the East Coast, I'm in new york, so it's five o'clock over here,
three hours ahead. 3, 3 hours ahead.
What?
Okay, so originally uh both I guess went up the east up and down the East Coast and then finally out west.
In
wild
the
every
everybody has their stories, you know I'm not I'm not one to judge on that. So uh if you're in California is are you still on a stay at home order or or what's the deal now?
we've got
one.
Scream.
no
Yeah I think that that's that was pretty much new york back about I would say 2.5 months ago when we were prior to phase one reopening. Uh it was it was a little shelter in place and unless you were essential worker or you were you happen to go out for groceries, those are really pretty much only two reasons that you were going to venture out of the house. In fact I think dad are walking the dog but then you would need to have a dog for that to be valid. Um Yeah
so a lot of people here are, you know, even though right now we got, we're getting back up to, it's funny because we even right now we're back up to phase war, but it just goes to show it doesn't matter what the city uh, tells you what phases they're in there. They're still going to be people, there are still people, there still gonna be at the majority of people who are, you know, not, not want to go out. Like for example, today, uh today I walked by off by coney Island, which is the beach area and it's literally, you know, right now on a day like today where new york we're talking about Today is 85, and it's, you know, sunny out. You expect the beaches to be packed on a normal day like this. I mean today very, very sparse.
Like even though we're on Phase four and uh you know, the beach area, they have outdoor dining, still very little people outside.
What?
because it was it was kind of, it was kind of forced upon us. I mean, literally, I think at one time I have a friend who happen to live in queens and right at the epicenter, um have you heard of Elmhurst Hospital? You literally had people that were lining up outside the door and you know, you didn't want to go walk down that street if you didn't have to. So it's almost like you get to the point where uh everybody knows that yeah, this is going around and because we live in such dense, I mean, you're a city, you live in a dense area. Honestly, if somebody put it this way, somebody in your building catches it very high probability that you're not going to, you're not going to really refrain from it. It's it's that, you know, it's the density that we live in, that that controls everything.
Honestly,
I mean, I put it, I put it this way, uh you know what, let's call it a rumor. And you even, let's say it's also but on the off chance that it might be true. I mean, look, I agree wearing a masters in easy by any means. And when I take my kids out, my kids are very, very, my kids are very, very young. I have a four year old and a one year old have them wearing masses. It's even more difficult than for me, right? But
the alternative, you really don't have any alternative here. I mean, the alternative here is stay home, don't go out. And and that's pretty much it. So I almost put it, it's really the lesser of two evils like wear a mask. And I mean, it's not it's not it's
not
gonna kill years. Although it doesn't I mean, look, it's I'm not alive, it's a level of discomfort. But the flip side of that here is I only say one thing, though, in my, with my vast network, I have not known anybody who passed away. That's not to say I haven't known people contracted it and people who contracted it and recovered. But even the recovery process is long, in fact, from getting into from knowing that peace positive, going into the hospital, going to intubate intubation, recovering, going into rehab. We're talking about From anywhere between on the fast side, six weeks on the slow side.
from what I am, from what I know, 14 weeks. And that's just what I know I know some people are saying that you know they heard stories that people are recovering after like 20 or 30 weeks and I'm like that that's when I say recover. I mean you know you might feel you might feel like you're physically able after six weeks but you're your body is weak to the point where you need to go to rehab. You need to go to physical therapy. Uh I know I know one person who was an E. M. T. Worker right? He went down and by the time he came back uh she had to relearn completely how to walk. That's how it really really attacks you strongly. So I mean
I
take absolutely and look I tell him it's not it's not he could do anything to avoid it. I mean he works at the E. M. T. He's going
to have exposure,
the
risk of exposure and there's really no way to avoid it. So, the fact that he went
under and look what he's my friend, he's literally my age. I mean, I look at and say, you know, I mean the
the federal guidelines is that we're not the at risk
people. But well look at him, I mean, arguably he's in much better physical shape than I am. And he went down to the port where God, I gotta say he was intubated, probably on the brink of diet. And that's just goes to show. Mhm.
Look, there's probably agree.
There's a Yeah.
Look.
Right. Right. Because because it's it's really weird. I mean, my coworker who contracted it from uh
His niece, you know, he's in his he's in his 60s, right? And I told him, well, you are at risk at risk category. And he's like, well, she contracted to she's in her thirties. But she basically, like, like I said, for some people, it's like a bad flu, but they get over and it's fine, you don't need to be hospitalized, nothing. But for some people forget it, they go, it really hits them hard and and there's there's no other way around it. It's just you you don't even know who who's gonna take you. I mean, you can make a guess that that, you know, the older the person and if you have underlying condition, you might not, it's gonna hit you harder. But
that's only that's generally anything. I mean, you could say that about
the
flu would hit a older uh physically disabled person harder than it was a healthier person. But that's anything. You know, when I just talk about this. But the fact of the matter is it's funny the growing vice really doesn't have a tale tell sign. Like, you know, it's going to hit you this way. They really don't tell you one way or the other. It's just if it hits you it hits you and you either recover you if you are CNN right? Chris chris cuomo cuomo got it and then his wife and his family and his son got it too. But they all recovered from it and even while he was um
No, no, no.
he's
definitely
better when he's
well
but
what
I'm saying
is, but it wasn't severe enough to stop him from doing his show is what I'm saying. And he's a good example. He's a good example where you see physically him every day and you kind of see his shape. You know that he's, you can see that from his normal talking um patterns, versaces. Uh, covid talking patterns is obviously struggling, but
it's not the debilitating to the point where I know some people, like I called my coworker, he can, he can talk to me. He just said, I call them and he just said, I only text, right? And I'm like, why can you only text? Like, I can't talk literally, you can't talk. So it's amazing. I mean, we all know this is really a respiratory disease, but it tax different people in different ways that I've never seen anything like it quite honestly.
I
mean,
I mean, that's that's definitely good news I can say is kind of, I think the greater the distance you have between, I guess living areas, the more likelihood that like, for example, when new york was really going on in the city, we were hearing like Thousands, really, 8000 cases were uh, 6000 new cases a day and out in Long Island, which your suburbs, you might be hearing, you know, a couple of 100 but only in the clusters of, again, even in a suburb area, you only hear about in the main clusters where you have either like a civic center or you have a train station. So you expect, you know, where people gather or where there are major transportation hubs to, to be a greater, gets greater spreader of disease is, but I guess as long as you're out in the suburbs, really, um, the chances of you coming down are significantly lower versus, you know, here, you know, uh, between between between my neighbors on, on two sides and upstairs and downstairs. We're talking about, You know, in a sweat on one square block where I'm locked and blocks on that white, uh, that money to probably maybe 800 ft, oh, We'll talk about a very minimum of maybe 200 people living here. Their minimum. And that's in and out. And you know, you don't really get around. I I can't say I don't wanna, I don't wanna live next to my neighbor who happens to be a nurse. I can't say, you know, I don't wanna live there. But you know, we passed by each other on our way out sometimes and you really don't have any record against that. So that's why I think the spread here has been so um like it spiked up and thank God it's it's going down. But I think, I mean, I honestly tell me what's on my wife and I tell anybody that I know until there's a vaccine. I don't think anybody be comfortable like really Going outside starting indoor died. And I don't know if you heard but the 6ft social distance rule really only applies in the outdoor setting if you go indoors where there's ventilation and everything. I heard that it could and that's how that's how I know it's not feasible because even though uh in New York Phase one, we were allowed to be open office buildings, but my my place of work still work, only working from home. And I don't even know how you can reopen it because you're supposed to tell me I can't sit, let's use six, let's just use six ft. Even though indoors it's more than six ft, let's just use six ft. How is the six ft away from any of my colleagues? You know, even if we all eliminate, even we sit in every other cubicle, in which case, I mean in my seating area, we're talking about baby 20 people, you'll be able to see four. Uh huh.
There,
yep. That's just that's just how it is. It's going to happen one way or the other and the work around there. Well, there's a vaccine and quite honestly,
I I think that even if a vaccine is invented tomorrow, it's going to take a couple of months for it to penetrate into the the consumer, for example, vaccine shows up tomorrow. I'm not so sure the consumer confidence is there yet? Like, I'm not gonna run out there and get that vaccine right away. Because unless unless you tell me it's the difference right now, if I if I don't if I don't take it, I'm going to die tomorrow, then you have no choice. Right? What? I don't think any healthy individual right now is gonna run out and take that vaccine and it's going to take a period of at least I think um maybe
I'm gonna say four months before people are fully comfortable and saying, you know what I need to take, um I could take this vaccine and I don't know if you heard, but I think there was one in Russia who said that their vaccine, they haven't developed vaccine Fallujah, but they've already said that it's going to need a booster. So not only will you I have to take the vaccine. Now, everybody has to go in for the booster within that time frame. Right? So you're just adding more complexity, more complexity. On top of this meeting, you're gonna have people who took the vaccine, you're gonna have people who are or contagious infected and took the vaccine, but they didn't take their booster within time. So then they should have gone by and take the vaccine. And now you you have people who didn't take the vaccine and now they're, you know, they're potentially to be infected. So it's it's all sorts of complicated at this point is what I'm getting at.
Hold
the
truth.
Oh absolutely. I mean I I say that if you if you can prove that it's effective, you know, I take it what I'm saying here proving that uh I'm assuming somebody has to push the market and then people are going to have to actually try. It was again a lab setting. You have all the things that under control. That's one thing. But I get the tell tale sign would be okay introduced actually into a known hot right into right now a spot at spiking And if you if nothing else and everybody lived their lives, lived their lives normally under no social distancing or what is like if the if the virus
numbers retreat, you know, it's because of the vaccine but any other if it doesn't retrieve or you know or plateaus, then you have to question was the vaccine really? Uh Okay.
Well,
I
think automated
ultimately that's what we're all gunning for because we're gonna get to the point where I guess that a lot of these places you're going to have to prove that you're vaccinated, right? I mean normally, you know, you don't have to I mean only when you go into like when your kids go to school, they really fell off that vaccination card. Otherwise nobody walking down the street knows if your backs are there for the measles or chickenpox. They don't know that. But this one I think, I think you kind of have to force people, I think there's still, especially among the conservative crowd that, you know, you don't want to contact traced and and, and the whole nine. Obviously there's a significant privacy factor. But I think that if you don't enter into a public place, you keep as private as you want. But the moment you step foot into a public place, then I think you kinda, you kinda have to tell them you're vaccinated otherwise. How else do I know that this is safe
for your enter once we get a vaccine?
Well, uh, I honestly, I would advocate for because honestly, if you
nothing, I mean if you have something that vaccination and I don't want to do it, then you have every right to live your life the way you want to live it as long as you do not take that public aspect and affect other people. So the way I look
at it here is what's what's going to a public place. I mean even if it's simply as simple as an I. D. Badge that says you're vaccinated right? That's mailed by that's certified by some um in this case I guess you could say the C. D. C. Or something some governing body that says okay you're vaccinated. I think I think that that that has to be the way we work Because otherwise how are we supposed to know if somebody is either a vaccine or be contagious? You don't because it's because you know this is this could be spread asymptomatic. I think that's that's been proven beyond a doubt now at this
point.
Yeah it was it was it was it was shocking. It was shocking to hear that the governor of Georgia learned that he learned of this being a asymptomatic transmission in the last week of May. I'm like, we've been hearing about that in new york since March. Now. You hear about it now, you finally figured it's asymptomatic transmission. I mean, We got six and you know what? I don't blame them if we were in 1971 when news doesn't get out as fast. But you know how, how quick news gets out nowadays. You can't you can't be more than if your politician in in this type of field, right? You cannot be more than 36 hours outdated and he's 2.5 months. This information is new to him 2.5 months later. It just doesn't make any sense.
Honestly. If it affects your constituents, you better be well versed into the problems. If it doesn't affect you fine. But if it affects your constituents and this one affects everybody. So, yeah, it'd be in your best interest to find out more about
it.
talking to you, man.
What
it feels like it's under control only because we still have a significant lower level of activity. Like you're not the buses
are not
as crime.
What
the thing is, we're in phase for but phase for originally included gyms, bars, and indoor dining. But those are all ext out. So right now, you have outdoor dining. That's as far as we went in terms of reopening. But, you know, it's still a significant level of lower level of foot traffic. You know, your buses are not No. When I went to work on a normal subway, you know, we were we were shoulder to shoulder. That's how packed it was. But now, no, I'm now, you know, we don't even sit next to each other and that's sit not staying, we don't even sit next to each other that so the level of activity still is significantly lower than it was. So I would say that it's under control only because people are still really avoiding having to go out if they don't have to. But at the real telltale sign I'll tell you is when schools open back up that if we don't spike then I I think I think we're being declared but I don't know
yet.
On and on.
are.
I'll
tell I'll tell you this. We are my driving. I've never had such comfortable driving in new york city ever. Ever. I mean I mean yeah, if some guy has has an accident on the freeway is still gonna be backed up. But barring that it has been pretty smooth on the roads because people have and there was only two weeks ago that they re institute the alternate side parking which is you know having to move the cars for the street cleaners. Right? So that's you know that in respect. I think the cars driving has been much better, much better.
Oh also also one other thing though um there are stores here that uh and that's how you know we do we do even in new york city new york city where you know your stores are packed their stores where lines for up from outside like um and I happen to go into a trader joe's uh in
Chelsea for example. And there's
if I go all the time like right now I know it's gonna be packed. But what they do is they have lines formed
outside where it's one in one out. So even when you actually physically make it in there to shop, It's actually not congested at all because they're only allowing in
I guess.
I think it was
up to like 40% capacity, I think the limit is 50, but
each store's policy is a little bit different, so I think some stores just play it safe.
Oh we're still doing it, we've been doing that for the past ever since Phase two when retail shopping was allowed and face to reopen in June, so
we've been doing that for two months now, so I'm gonna see it stopping anytime soon.
Likewise.
Just spread the word okay stay safe out there.