Yeah, I'm sorry. I scared you.
What?
No,
I'm like, oh my God, it's time.
All right. How are you?
I know. They asked how how is, how is your energy level or something, like, and like, I'll choose the middle because if I choose comatose, that's really bad.
I know. Um
Me
too.
God, me too. I was put under
with propofol, propofol and I kept just thinking, Michael Jackson.
Well, or your
hands?
My er
No,
it'll hurt worse. I'm like that if I, if I see it, no, he
like,
it
brings up too much.
maybe.
Yes and no, maybe there's things they don't tell you and they just send you home and you're like, uh, if you, if you were to call, they'd be like, oh yeah, that's normal.
How was the going in there with, like, the whole corona thing?
I've heard of that. See, I don't haven't had a test
done thankfully. You know, I'm not showing symptoms. I don't want that thing all the way up my brain.
Maybe.
No.
huh. I hope I look going, I hope I don't have to have one done
me too.
They
gave
oxygen and then they go, okay, we're gonna put
this oxygen. I'm like, oh good. I don't have to have the mask and we're gonna
put the mask back
back over you. Of course,
then
they say,
you
know,
cold. And
then she
says, you might taste,
you might taste something running, but it felt more like tingling or something in the back of my
jones
or something. It was weird.
mm. I woke up, I, I know I was dreaming and then I was just in a different room. It was the weirdest thing. And then this morning I looked and I have like marks on the side of my arm like God knows what happens. God knows.
No. Well, no, well through the hand just a little bit, but
that should have been nothing up there. So who
knows.
Just like
grace,
I feel
leaving.
maybe. Well you said I don't want to wake up. She's like oh my God.
So my mother said she had the same thing done um that I had and she said she heard the doctors talking
about their kids while she was under, they were talking about their kids in dental school. How would she know that if it wasn't
Me neither.
Fine.
you were just done.
Well.
I was making
did and I felt like I was going to kill, you know, like just pass out and instead of lying down or sitting down, I'm like, well, I'll just hurry up and get it done. And you know, it could have been bad. Like working with hot things and everything. I don't know. I was being stupid. Mm
I slept until like one, you know? And I told my husband I'm like, oh, I slept really? But like with this, you know, judgment tone and excuse me, excuse me. You know, anesthesia?
Were you afraid of getting a like, you know, loopy or saying things? Because I was, but I don't think I did
because there's so many stupid videos out there like, you know, Oh, is this real life? What's going on? And I'm like these, please. I don't want to get like that. I
Yeah. Like getting scraped on, you're getting scraped on your arm, okay.
I know.
I
know.
I know.
well, even the whole situation, I mean, I had a colonoscopy, which is not fun. And the whole thought in your mind like, oh my God, I have my butt out. This, this is embarrassing.
I know.
I know. Yeah. No, it's not mine perfectly. It came today and the procedure was yesterday, so I'm like, uh, like,
clockwork.
They forgot to take it off
the
sticking.
they
told me
the teenage, they told me to change, take off everything except socks, broad socks.
And
they go, okay. So she pulled the curtain, The curtain was short on the, like this way the curtain was short and there's a guy net right next to the area I was in. So I'm I wouldn't pull the curtain, but when they pull the curtain this way that short this play,
it
never
really close. And I'm trying to change
with the gown over me in the sheet and holding the sheet. And they don't think
of these things. They really don't.
No.
Two. Yeah. So five days you can't look at it.
I made that mistake. Um My son had a mole removed and they said they thought it was suspicious. You know, they didn't like it. It was on his back. So I was right there with him. He was like, You know, 13 or something at all. And I'm looking and they dig it out and it was, you know, not the first layer of skin and it looked gelatinous and it was shaking and it was just I'm
going no. And the nurse was like, are you all right? Are you gonna be okay? Like instead of to him? And I'm like, no. Yeah, it's all right. I don't want to. Why did I look? Why it's like you want to, but don't just don't okay.
Yeah. And and my son was like, oh, that wasn't bad. You know? I'm like, oh, you're braver than I am.
It sounds scary because what if they're scarring?
So
it's quick.
Maybe it was like a freezing type thing, like award. Like they used rewards. Maybe
it was
almost like
thing.
You don't feel anything because
you have to,
you
know, love
them.
No.
That's what I was told to, but I don't know how, like, I don't know how it's going to impact anything. I don't notice any symptoms signs.
Money
neighbor
down the street.
Yeah. I know her daughter supposedly has gone through like so many procedures and
yeah, the deviated septum and so she had to keep going back and then we went back and I don't really think it's done. And uh what is, why is it so involved? Why is it so why is it so
hard?
No deviated septum and supposedly they're not satisfied with the way it is now and I don't
know,
it just sounds like a big pain.
I know.
And
in corona.
trump. Why?
No
me too.
You
couldn't
not
well
then you'll be all itchy and you know.
No, it's gonna have to be separate the shower and then hair washing like completely.
No,
you feel like it's not really done.
Oh yeah. No it's sticking out. How old is your through?
No, he'll help you.
He's still at that age where he wants to help was 21.
He's out driving now and it's the weirdest thing.
Can
you imagine?
no,
you
don't need that memory.
I no, no,
no,
it's a boy. It's weird.
how has school been with him? Mm School?
Whoa.
You're not supposed to, I worked for the schools and there are no new, no new material. I mean
this is
they shouldn't.
Um, a teacher assistant. And on our end they have us fill out these work logs. Oh, you, you make up your day yourself now as an assistant and I was working in a special ed class. We have no kids. And there's some kids, I didn't see the whole time we were doing
this
whole coronavirus,
uh, you know, virtual learning, some kids just vanished off the face of the earth and no consequences. I mean there, they're not going to fail. So it was really weird. There's only so many webinars you can watch, like to make up my day, I had to make up, you know, an eight hour day. I don't mean to complain. I'm glad to have a job, but
No,
I
know.
There
you go. There you go. When Gwen, yeah. And then
sometimes
I'm
done by like 12 and then I just,
just
another
house.
Well, and it's such a joke. I mean, I'm not a teacher, so I don't write the individualized plans for the Children and everything. So I'm just, we'll go with the flow. Just
weird.
No,
you have to sit with them. You have to sit right there.
no.
Coach.
No.
Um, I don't know. We're in, I'm in north Carolina. I mean, I'm from new york, but I now live in north Carolina. So today was the day our governor was supposed to make a grand announcement about one of three plans to open the schools, you know, like all virtual, partial, virtual or all in the, in the set, you know, the building, um, with modifications I suppose, you know, masks or whatever. And he says, no, he's, he's not making an announcement today, just blank. He's not going to make a decision today. So everybody
is like freaking out
North
Carolina does not look good. I don't know. What, what state are you in?
You know?
No.
Italy, Italy really got theirs down. They were pretty bad.
Well you heard this message and I listen to this message, but there's people out there that just,
yeah, they won't
hear it.
I
know,
you
know
you're
Well and I don't care if like they say 020, you know if you're 21 you're not gonna be hit that hard or whatever but you can bring it home to your
you know your father and your grandparents and
I
believe in
they
told
me
that
Yeah okay put your lives on hold.
No, I was supposed to take a teaching exam and they said I can take it at home,
I'm
trying to sign on because I already paid for it. I can't find my proof that I paid. I'm not paying again funny
how that works.
Yeah. Yeah, no that's a record and everything but it's like I was kept trying to sign on and it was so confusing and then I'm like you know what I'm going to take
a break through.
because
there's
no way.
get
some
money.
It's
been talking to you
have a good day, good
luck
with your hands.