Uh
I don't know what's going on with like her name,
I'm on my laptop,
I'm carl I'm going
to
it's carl how are you?
Can you see my camera? It's not showing myself in the corner.
Yeah. Okay. Okay. What have you been up to today? Yeah.
it looks nice outside there.
Um I'm in Kansas, the biggest city but still nobody's ever heard of it, but the weather here is actually pretty nice. I might go outside later.
What city are then?
Oh Topeka. Yeah.
Oh that's cool. My grandfather used to be a professor there.
he's your nephew. Mhm.
Yeah, I graduated and I'm going to you and t in the fall for a mathematics major. Okay.
I feel a little kind of guilty because all of my classes had their grades frozen like at the beginning of March, so I didn't do anything for the last two months. Mhm.
I know. Yeah.
And
then
I felt that I heard a lot of colleges were giving an optional pass fail instead of like great spirits. Gp
What do you
mean serena?
So that's really,
What math classes are you taking next semester like?
but my BC test is in like one week, but it's just two questions because
it's all
online.
There's just too for your questions. Yeah.
Yeah, it would have been nice to have more questions, but I feel like they're giving us more time on one of them so that kind of scares me what they're going to have on it.
Yeah, I enjoy math a lot and I just always have understood it but I don't really know what I'm going to do after that I'm probably going to get a master's degree but I don't know what I enjoy it earlier. Yeah.
Oh, um I think I saw it and read it, but I'm not sure.
Oh, I saw some stuff about like the study groups, I can't think of the actual term, But like the ones where companies like interview people and they give out like $200 abusive part usually
will
focus
their focus groups.
I'm getting a good scholarship
at
you and t because Oh, that's cool. What was it for?
thank
you.
I was a national merit finalist.
I feel kind of bad for the people on the coast because it's so easy to get it in Kansas, like the score cut off was much lower
Um I'm not sure, but I got a 1480 on it. Mhm.
Then
I know I would have qualified in a lot of other states, but like not massachusetts or California. Mm
that's Mhm.
That's crazy. Most of the people at my school didn't take it at all. Yeah.
Always
gonna be.
That's awful. Uh
popped off on her.
What
city are you in?
Um No, it's just me. Most of my friends are going to other state colleges though. Okay. My school is like basically fraudulent, So nobody from my school gets into like AT 20 school. Yes. Like I don't understand that lake. The property taxes here
are not bad, but we only offer like two ap courses, so all of the colleges don't accept anyone in here because like our course difficulty is like so easy battle. Mhm. one of my friends from San Antonio got into Northwestern and I'm so proud of them. Are you still there? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Right.
No, you're fine.
All
Like the property values in my area are higher than a lot of places in the city, but our school only offers two ap classes, so I'll just don't, except people from my school. Mm
um I go to a school called Eisenhower. I hate it.
It's just like fucking stupid rich Children and I'm like, they're so annoying. I don't know.
I think I'm glad by.
Oh my God, that's crazy.
mm hmm. Like we just don't have very good education, educational infrastructure here.
Yeah, I'm really excited to go. I like the Dallas area
lot. I think it's really nice.
Like a six hour drive.
What city are you in?
of my friends are in san
Antonio and Dallas from texas
look lake, What really separates all the texas cities.
So like what's your favorite food scene in texas? Mm hmm. Mhm.
No.
Yeah, I, when I was in Austin a few summers ago, there were a lot of food trucks and they were really good.
Mm hmm. Thank you.
Um with a few of my friends I do, I don't go to like the big parties because they're too loud for me, but
I turn up with my friends sometimes.
Greek life. I think they have a lot of fraternities and sororities. I don't plan on joining one though.
Mm It just, I don't know, it gives me bad vibes.
john wayne. I already know that. Yeah.
were just like so unaware of their privilege and that annoys me so much. Yeah.
Like they're so entitled. I hate it. Yeah.
my parents don't make as much money as them but
like
I'm aware
of the privileges I have and I am very fortunate
compared to a lot of people in
my city
and especially those in like areas that are not in the city like the rural areas aren't doing very well but they just complain about things like regardless of how well off they are and it's just smoking.
Yeah one of them is playing the piano right now but whoa.
that's fine.
I used to play viola in high school but I don't anymore.
Yeah I just chose it because I thought I would like practice more and be able to get a scholarship or something but I'm lazy so at dinner.
I'm just fortunate that you and he's giving out such a good scholarship because the other college I was considering going to his Colgate and they had yeah they had a really good financial package but you and T. Is literally paying me to go so I'm just going to go there.
Uh It's in Hamilton new york.
good college
and
you know what you're gonna do after you get your sociology degree?
Oh my God. That's a big that's a big guy. Yeah.
Um What interests you about long? Okay
mm
mm hmm.
I have
no
idea.
Um I haven't really thought about that.
That does sound interesting.
No medical school that's way too difficult for me
late.
I was thinking about going to engineering school after my undergrad I guess I'll see like what interests me during my studies, right?
Yeah
because applied
math obviously has more employment opportunities but I think that just pure mathematics is also very interesting. Mhm.
All right.
I like a lot of areas of study the things that I can't stand or like business people. Yeah. Mhm.
Uh
huh.
could be like difficult to yeah, make arguments in a court of law that you know that are incorrect to like protect.
I watched a lot of um law and order stu over the weekend and it just realized I just realized that so much of our entertainment is like based off of crime, which is so strange to me. So Okay. Oh,
I usually just watch sitcoms in other comedies because I honestly can't keep track of like a serious storyline.
Um I recently just finished community because they came out on netflix and I really enjoyed it. I did not like the last season very much, but yeah, I thought it was good,
but I also enjoy a parks and rec in the good place of love.
It's such a good soul.
Um what part are you at in the 3rd season?
Keep
it up. Yeah.
The judge character is so funny.
Um I think Eleanor is my favorite honestly.
Yeah, and I would just grow so much as a person throughout the whole thing.
Um I like them all, but I don't like Jason as much and I don't like Janet's husband thing. Have you gone to tell her? I'm
sorry
Derek is like the his boyfriend things that Jenna made. Yeah, he creeps me. Oh
okay.
Maybe.
yeah, she's always like optimistic.
Even what everything is like going horribly wrong.
Yeah. I don't know. They said there would be like a timer around here, but I haven't seen it. I
think
Oh, I'm gonna check that. Oh, it's just, I'm not 35 minutes. I
don't
Um I think it will work.
Yeah, but do you want to add me on Snapchat because you're cool? Yeah.
Oh my god, the people on their insane. Mhm.
I know. Uh I'm just like not using any dating apps here and I'm just waiting until Uh huh.
Um Oh my god, I made mine a long time ago. So don't judge me for the user name. It's bitch and she's like mac and cheese, but bitch and cheese.
I have no.
Yeah.
Thank you. I haven't used it in like a year.
I would get the next stuff. Yeah.
that's pretty you.
Yeah, that's okay.
It was nice meeting you too.
Thank you. You should have, you will have a good time. The rest of your time at jews.
Do I just like exit out of the page?