Hi,
Yes, I'm all right, how are you doing?
Um I live in Arkansas.
Yeah, a few times.
Um I mean the first time was like kind of slow, but the other two times were pretty good. Yeah.
that would be, yeah, luckily the other people, they've been like pretty talkative,
some kind of awkward, so I'm like trying to make
it work, but sometimes it's like
this
is
um Well, I mean it's kind of getting better. Things are opening up and like my university, like we had like 900 active cases for like like sometime in september and now it's way down
so it's going good
secure.
Yeah, I don't know, it's hard to keep track.
I'm majoring in theater performance.
I'm I'm a freshman so I'm still,
I
Um Yeah, like most of my classes are online, but I have two classes that candy in person, but they haven't met in person for a while just because people were sick and then it just got kept on getting pushed back and we don't we're not supposed to meet every class anyway for that class.
Yeah, I live at home. It's like a 30 minute drive there and it's cheaper.
coming
through.
Um No, I mean I wasn't really sure I was gonna go before so I didn't really like have a plan. Like I thought I was going to be in a dorm but I ended up being here. I kind of like I'm kind of glad I ended up
staying at least for this year just because everything is so weird.
All
switch. Why do you do?
I'm not going anywhere. You can take the car, you can take the car, they're taking the car. Uh huh.
Yeah.
Did you go out a lot before everything was?
I'm the same.
I haven't I haven't had to get a test or anything, so I've been lucky. It sounds awful.
Remember like, like back in january, we were talking about it when it was like still mostly in china and we're like joking about it. Like now I look back and I'm
like that aged like milk. I didn't go,
I didn't go well.
Where?
But
It's yeah, I just want things to go back to normal because like before this like senior year I was like super, super active. Like I went out as much as I could and like, you know, did all the things with my friends and like, you know, no, I can't do that. It's like uh
yeah, it's all been like women, but most of them have been like like two of them were at least like their forties or fifties and one of them she was like in her thirties so Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah, I remember, I mean this isn't like on here, but like I remember once I was in like 10th grade and I went with my friend to like this like this church dance thing and you know um like he was the only person I knew there and like this guy came up to me like asked me if I want to dance is like uh like you know, I can't say no whatever like okay And he didn't talk the whole time and like I tried talking to him and he was silent
and it was the most awkward like 10 minutes of my life, I was like
just
Yeah.
Um Mostly like outdoor things, you know, there's a lot of trails, a lot of hiking, got some nice mountains and for the natural state, so it's kind of our thing. Um There's also there's also crystal bridges if you like art and they have really good collections
um right now it's cooling down. But yeah,
it's usually nice weather.
Yeah, I prefer it to hot weather,
especially for like makeup sores.
I feel like, I feel like the setting sprays that I found have been kind of sucky too. It's like where do you find a good one
From?
I think, yeah, I think what I'm gonna do is so I'm in like the stage tech last, we're doing makeup stuff like, and I've kind of realized it's like heavier grade stuff so I'm gonna find like it's like a performance space, like setting spray because if it can survive under the lights and everything, I'm sure it'll work for just like a normal makeup.
Um, I mean, I know I looked online and I found like the setting sprays on amazon. I don't know where they got like this stage makeup because she just like, um, one of the times she met, she gave us a bag and I had like all the things for the projects we're gonna do so we could do them at home. And she just had like the stage makeup kit in there. Like, but you can like, I don't know. It's just like, I guess you can buy them also individually. I guess it just depends on what you're doing, but
Do you have a favorite palace?
hmm.
don't know what's going on exactly.
Let's
see if something.
Mhm No, like
I like last year
when like Shane was like making his series on,
on
that and all that was going down. Like I followed that like, I love that series and you could like fall along with what was going on
with James
trials. But then like, I don't know what happened this year. Like it just got so complicated. I lost track. No, I don't really know what's happening anymore
or how I feel. I just know I like
the makeup and I was entertained by the series
so
I was kind of over at,
Yeah. That warm.
Yeah. I don't, I haven't,
I don't know about that or I
don't know. I haven't kept up with it.
I know they had a pallet together
and they also had like yeah they had a settings for a
yeah. So
how
it happened,
I don't know.
It's really
annoying
how many people are getting canceled because like I don't know, I can't
keep up with it and afterwards it's like what do I do?
Um Yeah like I watch it now, I mostly watch like commentary stuff. Um Yeah like Cody ko and like kurtis Conner like that kind of side.
That's like that's why like Jeffrey star like part it was like his personality but also just kind of like kind of cool to see like how ridiculously wealthy he was. It's like whoa, I didn't know that was even nothing.
I'm so mad.
me
too.
It's like oh
I don't know. Yeah.
no.
It's not like it matters, but I'm still like I still wanna know like I still have questions,
how does that work?
I mean like I never watched him
before.
Like, like he seems okay like a goddess palette because it's, you know, they had a bunch of colours, like affordable and it was pretty good. So, but I don't really know anything about.
He means
Like now that I'm like, Like
now there's something like 18, 19 year old like artists that are so successful and I was like, oh, like I'm just getting started and like they're already, you know, at the peak of their career, like okay, I guess I'm
a little slow on that. Okay.
Yeah. Yeah. I think part of it it's definitely the opportunities, like some people just like, you know what they want to do in life earlier and they are able to do it and I just you know, house the right situations like I don't know.
Yeah.
It's like what do you want to do for the rest of your life just side now.
What kind of music do you listen to?
Yeah. That's parents the same. Like alternative, indie rock, pop. I don't really like country very much. It just gets on my nerves. I don't know what it is. But like what I hear a country song, I just have the urge to hate it mindlessly.
It's like
it
feels fake. Like I feel so formulaic.
It's like this can't be real. I know there's something else going on.
Yeah. Like I mean living where I do, you know, you can you run into it?
Uh, no I've I mean this as long as like I've ever been anywhere for like 10 years, but before this I lived like Tennessee and we were in Rhode island for a little bit as well. That was like when I was a lot younger. So this is mostly been my life.
Much.
Yeah. I have a friend who he lives in Connecticut now, like he's a like a ballet dancer and they have a school
somewhere nutmeg. So now he lives in Connecticut.
I mean if you want to like, I mean there's always like place you can do if you want to try it out, you know his
the light.
Um I mean like as far as like being nervous goes like I'm like I'm kind of shot an awkward, but I don't know like I like I like I like talking and I like having that attention so it's like really fun for me if I know what I'm doing and then, but like it's at school, like the school I went to, it wasn't a big high school as a charter school, so I didn't have as many performance opportunities as other people. So now, like I go to school and I feel like I'm not as like prepared as everyone else.
Um Yeah, I don't know really. I don't really know what I want to do, like exactly after school, but I know I want to dabble in a little bit of everything, but mostly focus on stage
lock up. Like luckily I don't have an acting class this semester, I have a next semester. But for the people who are enacting right now, it's kind of they for they still have plays, but they're zoom plays and it's
been
interesting
to see that
like it's definitely something that works better for some material than others.
Like the first place that I song, you know,
it did not work at all and like everyone, it was just like it was so awkward because everyone can see could see it wasn't working and it just it just didn't. And then the second place I saw was the Laramie Project in the format of the interview. So it worked really well. Yeah, I can be very bad or very good.
Um we're at 25 minutes.
Alright. It was nice speaking to you as wow.
you too.
bye.
Thank you.