mm. All right. Mhm. Hello?
How are you?
I'm good. Where where do you live?
Okay. I live in Connecticut. Have you done this before?
Yeah, me too. How's your experience been?
You haven't been like matched with anyone. I don't know who doesn't talk. That's like my fear. Yeah.
That's good.
my
it's hard with just a random person. So um how is
everything
going there with Covid and whatnot?
Well, that's good.
Yeah, I heard that like it was kind of going back up now. I don't know if that's just like in my area. Um
but I don't know. I thought it was getting better, but I really know anymore. Honestly like
yeah, I agree. So you're in school? What are you going to school for?
Oh, that's cool. Are you almost done or do you have like a ways to go?
You're just so that must
be hard to start school like this because it's it's just online. Right. Are you at campus?
mm. Do you live on campus or do you like live well steal of like the parents are
Oh yeah, I bet are you going to live there like
before
all this happened or?
I don't know.
Yeah, and that definitely saves a lot of money. I feel like remember
board, it's so expensive so that's pretty hard. Um
um So I'm in school too, I'm doing it online, I'm doing my masters right now. Um and I went to school to be a dietitian, so I've been setting for my board exam. Yeah. Covid just kind of slowed the process down because I couldn't even sign up for the test for a really long time. And like then when I could sign up, it was really hard because you can only have so many people there at a time and but I don't know, I'm just trying to like study and keep doing my work. It's just hard. It's like hard at home because I can't really go to a coffee shop and like sit down somewhere and it's hard to do work like in my room. I don't know if you feel the same way, but it's just hard for me to do that. I get distracted easily, so Right.
But yeah, I don't know. Just trying not to lose my mind being at home so much I guess. Mhm.
All right.
Like I was never a super going out person anyway, but I did like to even just go like get coffee and sit there and like just get out of my house. But I didn't go out out a lot. Um So I mean I don't like not like being home, but I don't know, it's just weird because some people are really strict about the virus and some aren't and like I don't know where I fall into that because I don't know, I'm just trying to go by the rules but some people are I don't know crazy about it and some are into like I don't know. Uh huh.
Uh huh. Have you gotten a test or anything for it?
Yeah it does especially for like older people. Um I don't know it's weird, it's like hard to believe it's happening and like you don't have it so it's like I know what's happening but it's I don't know like it's just it's weird that this will happen. I kind of can't believe it. This year has been horrible. Yeah.
No.
Oh my god. I know
I didn't think it was a big deal at all and then once started like things started closing, I was like oh shit. Uh It's just weird like how it all
started
from one person, you know what I mean? Like it's just weird. I don't know and I I feel like it's gonna be hard to get rid of so I don't know. And then like I don't know with the whole stimulus thing like I didn't even get that. I don't know about you. But I don't know. The government just sucks. So yeah. I don't know. And I feel bad for businesses closing to, that sucks. Uh huh.
No like sometimes I will go out to a restaurant but it's just not the same. And then I feel like I don't know sometimes I feel like should I be doing this I'm just being selfish or something but like other people are doing it. I don't know. It's like it is it is really annoying because like me and my friends like we see each other but definitely not as much and it's just like can't really do anything so um I don't know, it's weird. Um So for the other people you've talked to, has it been like mainly like girls or is it kind of
Might have been mostly women actually like close to like my age. Um And there was one guy Um and he was like older, I think he was like 50 or 60. Um I did like match with a girl last time who said she like got matched with a 19 year old boy who didn't talk and I'm like that is your life, like I was just like, oh my God, that must have been so annoying, but it has mostly been girls for me too.
Even
my fear of life, like, like dating to not like I date anyways, but like just sitting there and having someone that doesn't
talk because like I can't really keep a conversation for very long so I need help. Um That's awkward. I'm sorry that happened especially when you're doing something like I don't know, I can I can picture that being horrible. Mhm.
Um So what's there to do in Arkansas?
that's cool. Is it like warm there now?
It's cool. Good.
Yeah, I've never been there. I've never really been over like that way, so that's cool. It's getting cold here. Kind of not today, but like it was like in the low 60s like last week. So yeah, I I like cold weather so.
Yeah. Two. Uh huh.
god, me and my friend talked about that like I don't know because you're like some people they don't worry about that stuff and they don't care, but like I'm like, I'm very conscious of that. Like if I, because I feel like I sweat a lot and then if my makeup looks disgusting, I just, I don't feel good. But it's all my other friends like, who cares? And I'm like, I mean I know it's not a big deal, but like it's some kind of sucks. I don't know. Yeah, I don't like to eat at all.
I don't I don't really, I have used a setting spray
but I don't think it did anything, but I'd like to know if there's something that actually works. I feel like that's maybe just to get you to spend more money. Like I don't think it does any like extreme.
Where do you get like that kind of stuff like
I'm not like, look that up because maybe that's what I need is just like heavier duty makeup or something uh interesting. I love makeup so and all that stuff. All right.
No, I don't really
use like, like you're talking about like eye shadow. I don't really use eyeshadow that much, but I do really like it. I just don't use it that much on myself. Um But I like um was the it was like a it was a morphine palette. I like morphy. I like that brand and I liked Heart too. I like Jeffrey Star, but I know there's some like weird stuff happening with it. Yeah,
I think it's good though. Like I'm not gonna lie. But yeah, that's awkward. I don't even understand like
anything
about that anyway is like, I don't know do you follow stuff like that? I know it's kind of stupid, but like
and
well like,
Yeah, I love this
video.
Text
public.
No.
Good.
I
know.
Like I'm kind of mad because I like the series two now. It's like not like it's ruined, but it's kind of tainted and it just makes me mad because I liked it and I like learning about like how much a custom make the pallets and what they were like. That was really cool and I don't know about that. Whatever her name is like Totti or It's like 45 who's like on YouTube.
Yeah. She looks really good on the anyway. Yeah. I don't know. It's really weird because I know morphy isn't like, I think, um we're fee and Jeffrey star burst like a thing anymore. Yeah.
Thank you.
Like
I think, well, I think they like, I guess they had a I don't know, a contract or like or whatever
who are
yeah,
I don't think
anymore
because like supposedly he's racist I guess. I don't know like
it's just annoying because I like I like very like I don't know
people like
that.
I know.
I know because I feel bad like should I don't buy this stuff that I really like it. I don't know. That whole cancel thing is like I don't know. And the grand scheme of things when you think about it like does any of this stuff matter like I don't know. It's just weird. Yeah, I like the Rich Youtuber is too going and I'm just jealous of them. Really? I want you to like do you follow anyone or?
Yeah, I'd like to use to watch things like Emma chamberlain like just for entertainment kind of um I think I'm just jealous of her because she like gets to go to paris fashion. We could lose your time. She's like 18. Uh huh. But I don't know sometimes I just watch it really entertainment. Um Yeah.
You know like wasn't like six years ago at all, like he had no money. So crazy house wealthy he is now um Oh I don't know. And he's like so beautiful. Yeah.
No, I'm so mad at you. I don't know. Really sucks and like his house is so pretty and I don't know if you, you know like his ex boyfriend like Nathan you follow that kind of stuff. I was like I was sad when they broke up just
like you know.
Yeah was like personally up tonight.
I still kind of like was confused about that. Like I don't know because he would call him like street, but I'm like, but he's not right. You know what I mean? Like that views like how is he straight if you're bisexual?
I was just not
like any of that matters, but I abuse
No, like no business.
Yeah. Yeah. I was like so sad. Uh huh. Okay. It's not my life. I guess so. Yeah. Do you like James Charles?
I
don't even
What? I don't believe there. Like I don't follow him. Um But yeah, like he's pretty young, right? Like 20 tv. That makes me feel inadequate
like Will be successful. 20 year olds.
All
No,
this time. All right. Yeah. It makes me feel bad sometimes, but they're just lucky honestly. Yeah.
Yeah, that's true. Like I don't feel like I'm like that at all. I don't know what I'm doing. Even though like I kind of know what I want to do. I still don't know right?
It's kind of crazy in high school you have to like know what you want to do for school and like college it's like well I don't know. That's like a lot to ask right?
Well done. You know martin? Yeah well
I can't listen to everything. Um Except I don't really only country a whole lot. I don't know you feel about country but not like affordable but I just don't listen to it, wow. Um Yeah I kind of in a different stuff like some like alternative um Especially when I go to the gym I like kind of stuff like that. Um Some like old stuff, some rock sometimes popping out like a whole lot. Um Yeah, what about you?
thank you. It is here my ex boyfriend loved country. Always play it. And I think, I mean maybe like hate it more because he never played it right? It's definitely not my speed. It's all like the same to me on the contrary. Music is the same about trucks and like they're in love with a girl I
think
trump.
it's food.
Mm. Mm. Yeah. I have friends who really like it. Sunshine. I don't know.
Yeah, that's true. Have you always lived there? You
Mm hmm. Yeah. Cool. Yeah, I'm, I'm originally from me,
but I moved to Connecticut when I was young and I've just been current. So No. Yeah.
What
for your family? My um, my sister went to school in boston for like performing arts. Um, she's really into like that stuff. I was never, I was never talented in that way. Um, I wish I was, but just never happened for me. Yeah, I always liked theater, like growing up I was always in the school plays and stuff, right?
I'm like, so I just get so nervous, you know? Um So I feel like that probably goes away eventually,
But I don't know, are you like, do you perform in them a lot or?
Mhm. I always felt like that in school, like even with my major, I don't know, I don't know if it's just in my head that I compare myself to other people and like where they're at, but I don't know. No, that's that's cool. That sounds like a cool major. Do you know you want to do like after school or you kind of just figuring out?
Mhm. Because they are listed that's been going on right now because of covid blake be able to
I
need
black.
I mean
I got it. Uh huh. It's not good. They're trying, you know? Oh, I'm just not really close. Uh huh.
Well,
I think I should have been to that. That's interesting. I can imagine certain place I just don't work. Oh wow. You've been talking for long enough.
Well, he's talking now and that
I hope school goes well and I hope if you talk to more people that it's not awkward, boot sailing. Mhm um Well, stay healthy and good luck with school. Good luck plays
and everything. I hope it gets better next semester. So you don't have to do like even play. Right, We'll see you later. You have a good one.
I'm