Well no, I can't. I don't know. No. Okay. Um okay. Question for you. Yeah. Um Yeah, so I get it. This message. Yeah, Can you hear me? No, mm. You know you can hear me? Yeah, I'm called something. Okay. I know this age. Do you want to try rejoining? Okay. Yeah. Mhm. How can you hear anything? What? I know. Yeah. Mhm,
mm. Oh
yeah, here we know. Okay,
good. Okay.
That's
it.
Who?
Yeah, I'm good. How are you?
Uh
Yeah, I had a I had a conversation the other day as well and it didn't work out is like the Okay.
I'm from New Jersey. Yeah.
Yeah. What about you?
So like I guess like your Your time is like, is
it like one hour
athlete?
What at the same time? Okay, interesting.
Mhm. That's cool. It's cool.
I mean, I actually started this summer um I mean I guess I figure, you know, like I don't really have much else to do so
wondering.
definitely.
Oh no, no, I'm currently a student so yeah.
Uh
well
we
what
and
definitely
Mhm.
Yeah, mystery.
Oh it's it's pretty good. I mean I'm from here, like I basically lived here my like for the majority of my life, so you know
and
and
not
I know like most people from New Jersey like end up living in new york or something, so yeah.
and mhm, definitely.
So how did in, Ohio
Well,
Oh wow, that is a really big change. You move around for your job or do you?
Well
oh it's so interesting, wow. Okay. Yeah, at least I have like a few friends who are like doing consulting like internships this summer and they they do like a lot of like traveling around like like the like the client's areas but like not like far away.
sentences like you, I don't know. What kind of consulting do you do?
I. T.
O.
What?
Go
in.
Okay.
Well yeah because I was thinking um I don't know, it's so I'm currently a junior, going to be a junior in college. Yeah so essentially like I've pretty much been I've been looking into like a lot of different consulting opportunities and firms and I don't know like I I've been like you know talking to people I guess like doing some networking here and there
and
health care.
Yes. Yes, like they're like sciences, Biological sciences. Yeah.
So
Yeah so um I was actually supposed to be working in a research lab this summer but that didn't really work out. Uh So I've just been taking like summer classes at home right now. Yeah.
Yeah, definitely. I know like my classes for um basically like my entire course schedule for this upcoming semester is going to be online.
Very
much.
I think so basically right now I've pretty much just been like, so for like for my research lab this summer I've pretty much been doing like remote work, like data analysis, stuff like that. So that can be done like I guess without doing the actual experiments. Um I guess for like for classes like I'm so currently I don't have to do any like like practical training
work.
It's
yeah, it's pretty much just like learning like material, like organic chemistry or biology or something. So it's like that can also be done
remotely.
Ooh
mm. Come up possible. You don't hurt you we'll be here. They're going to a you didn't just from there. Yeah. All right sorry about that.
Yeah. Yeah I guess like yeah basically it's it's it's been okay so far um much better than I feel like other places right now.
and
I mean now I'm more concerned about like you know places like texas or florida where
there's just it's like all right.
definitely
not.
Oh gosh. All right.
It what?
Oh yeah so there's like a few there's like a few labs in our like microbiology labs like in our university that are basically just um you know they kind of like put aside their own research to basically focus
mainly like vaccine immunology
and like, You know, like basically like developing like we're basically understanding the COVID-19 virus. So
Mhm.
What's, what's going on?
Mhm,
For
one.
Mhm. I know where I am. I recently heard that essentially, I guess I recently read an article basically saying that like, you know, even after like the covid 19 vaccine is like you know, developed and it's you know, it works and everything like it will take a very long time to like, you know, get everyone vaccinated, get everything distributed, you know, so it'll probably be a long time even after
definitely,
definitely.
You
can,
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, so right now it's currently like our summer vacation. So um my classes start like, so I'm taking summer classes right now, but I guess the official semester starts in like september around september basically. Yeah, mm
Everything will be like
definitely
not.
Uh
It's been a while well.
just, I feel like sometimes like they might do that on purpose or something, like they just purposely make it difficult to connect.
I'm
just
Yeah, so like I try to do them whenever I can, I guess it's um yeah, so basically just I started like earlier this summer, so like when I was like still home and when I just got home from like school basically um and I mean, I guess, you know, I think I think prolific some pretty good sight
to.
So
basically,
mm. Surely there's probably some like chrome extensions or something that do that everywhere.
That's fair, that's fair. Yeah. So like what, like what, what got you started in like prolific? Like why did you
In this?
Yeah,
that's
not funny.
So I was originally um I don't know like I was trying to open it like an Mturk account or originally right? But then I don't know, like something kind of, I guess maybe there their system had some sort of like issue because for some reason email account was banned, but then I never used it before so that I had yeah, so then after that I like emailed their technical support, but like, you know, they never really got back to me, so I just, you know, I've just been sticking with prolific pretty much. Mhm.
Overall.
like I mentioned before like my, so I tried to sign up for enter, but like I wasn't able to like open an account because my email had some sort of like issue technical issue.
Um Yeah, but like I guess a I have heard like I guess from just online like googling and stuff like that, that like on Mturk it's like you you can fill out surveys, but there's also like a lot of other like micro tasks that you can do. So like, you know, if you're like, If someone tells you like that they're willing to pay you like five cents to like read numbers off of the receipt that they had their stuff like that. It's like very like very easy tasks
that
Uh
Yeah, I agree. Yeah, definitely.
definitely.
Yeah.
Uh huh.
Yeah, sure. Okay. Mhm. Thank you.
Good. Okay,
it's all good.
I mean, I've
been more
um yeah, so like, I guess recently I've been trying to work out more, I realized if you stay at home and all you do is like, you know, sit in your bed and like take classes, it's probably not the best idea.
I've been doing some like, you know, like youtube, like online workout video and stuff like that, you know? So
Okay. So like you, you have been going into your office like every
night.
wow.
And
I see.
Yeah.
Not recently. I think right now I'm pretty much just been focusing on school.
So not really that much time go places. Maybe, maybe graduate. I don't know. Yeah. Mhm.
I have two years left because I'm gonna be here. Yeah.
Uh I'm thinking I'm probably, I'm planning to go to medical school in the future. Um So I'll be probably like taking a gap year or two and then doing that. So.
Yeah, something like that.
Like do you have, do you have kids or like
now?
So like, okay. So like are you, are you like both working or like this
point?
I see
this.
Well.
What?
That's right. Okay.
Oh, not really. I mean, it's like august, it's still pretty warm.
I mean, probably like august, like maybe like the last two weeks of august, maybe like start getting colder. Yeah, But right now it's a little bit early. So,
well,
I mean, you know, I'm, whenever there's a snowstorm, it doesn't really, it's just there, you know?
transparency for yeah.
I think we have, yeah, it's been half an hour or so.
It's
good.
Yeah, I think we're good. Yeah.
Yes, I'm here.
You too. Take care.