I like that well.
No. Yeah. Uh
Different.
get.
Thank God. I had a
problem
with Clear as well. I have no idea
what was wrong with it. How are you?
Good, good. Thank you. Thank you. Nice to see you. Yeah, I
don't know. Earlier. Also it was scheduled for some reason the other participants couldn't hear me. I have no idea why.
I don't know. Then I I resubmitted it again. Then I got another invitation. Yeah. So where are you from?
nice. Nice.
I'm in columbus. Ohio. Yeah.
Mr.
Now
the same time.
Eastern time. Yeah.
So for how long you've been doing this prolific thing?
Yeah. With all this pandemic thing going on, you know
everybody is staying home. Yeah.
You're working.
Because for me also we're working from home all the time. Uh
I mean it
is
it is risky
to go outside and just trying to spend as much time as possible at home
and
staying away from crowd and all these gettings. Yeah.
Yeah.
So how do you like New Jersey?
I've been to
Jersey, I studied from pennsylvania then I lived in Jersey for some time
but didn't like it. Then I stayed in
new york. Yeah, I don't know why, I never like Jersey.
that that is true, a lot of people just commute but they don't live in New Jersey.
because after after I finished my cities from pennsylvania then I was just there for like a few days at my friend's place but then we didn't like it and then we moved to new york. Yeah.
Why is good? Yeah, I mean it is the weather is good. Always here, it's not that cold during the winter. Also it's not crazy cold like Jersey or new york pennsylvania villa, it gets cold like last year, it was pretty cold. But we moved here
two years ago. So yeah and we moved from florida which was bigger change. So.
Yeah for the job yeah because I work I work as a consultant so whenever the project complete so then we start
finding the new project and that's the reason for the move.
A lot of people do that because they sometimes the preferences like they don't want to be at the client location or for whatever reason they cannot be a client location. So they just travel like and they're consulting from peace for their travel and stay and all and basically ultimately from the client. So a lot of people do that. Yeah.
I am an idea. Yeah
I t.
Yeah so I work as I work as a business analyst
in a retail company here in Ohio. Yeah, so I've been doing that from like 7-10 years so it's just
so used
to now moving to places as well. But yeah ultimately, you know I feel like myself settling here in Ohio only and it's been a long time just moving here and you know, ultimately you need to be somewhere stable. Yeah.
Yeah.
So you are all,
so what field you're studying? Are you in business
health care? Okay. Well
You
will have always your opportunity, no shortage of no recession in your field either. There will always be research going on. So how is this all pandemic thing impacted like your routine and everything?
I also have one of my cousin and then yeah she's also in this research and everything. But for pandemic you guys can't go to the lab and do your testing and your research. So that is probably the big reason and most of the things and most of the universities are doing a lot of online stuff as well. Yeah.
Everything online. So how
you,
how you do, how do you get away with like all these practical and all that you need to be in your research labs and all? Are you going to do that?
Physical
practical training in the
lab.
More
of theoretical right now. That's practical. Well, yeah, at least you know, and by the time you will reach your practical parts, hopefully this pandemic thing settles down. How's everything in New Jersey like around your area, is it pretty bad or
is it coming down?
That's fine. Okay.
Much better than other places and especially much
better than before. Right. Because new york was having so many cases and yeah,
florida
California and Arizona, south Carolina. Yeah. I mean florida has become like epicenter now. Yeah. Today
I was
listening in the news. This California has the highest number in all over us in all the states. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean hope everybody stays safe and all taking their precautions, you know? Yeah. So you're in university is also doing any kind of like research on these vaccines or anything like that from
your university side. Is there any kind of research going on for these vaccines and all?
Focus
the
I mean it has evolved so much since the beginning and that since he started there was so little that people knew and now every day there's something new to learn about it. Yeah. Yeah.
It has it has been crazy everywhere. I mean this whole 2020 years. Yeah, I mean unbelievable.
today I was listening on the radio. they're going to probably cancelled what you call a new york Times Square New Year celebration as well. Yeah.
With a lot of people gather over there at that night and more than a million people. So they don't want that to happen and I don't think that will happen. Yeah, that's the major event I think coming up in next few months where
people
like together from all over the world during your night, who are there?
Yeah. Even after they're, you know, not everybody will get, I mean opportunity to get a vaccine right away. It will take time to reach
to everybody
in the rural areas or inner areas. You know, it seems like we're testing right now. It's, you still cannot get, you're testing results within like 15 minutes or half an hour. It's still taking days and days, sometimes even more than a week. So even I was listening the same thing in the news, even if the vaccine comes out, it's not like a silver bullet, it
will
fix everything right away. It will take who gets first and who doesn't and then how the spread going on at that time. There are a lot of factors around it. Yeah. Well because this has been spread so much, all over the place is all over it. There is no area untouched. Yeah. Yes. Yesterday those two astronauts came down and I was thinking like, oh they came to hell. They were they were better up there. Yeah, because they might be thinking that it's better. We don't go right now. Yeah. Because they when they went it was still going on when they came back. It has become worse now. Uh huh. Yeah,
exactly.
So are you doing online classes currently like or everything online from the university or any break or anything?
Except
then everything will be online anyway. A lot of universities are coming now at least for this year, they are not doing anything in person. Yeah.
Everything,
everything online I guess this is just extra precaution you know everybody wants to take. Yeah.
Well at least at least you know now just see is a little better than it was before and same in columbus columbus has been like stable all over the Ohio, it has been like not not spreading like crazy but it has been like very steady. So but now we have mandatory mosque wearing requirement from the governor and then they're putting fines and all those kind of things. So but then there are people who don't take anything seriously, they will just get away and then they won't wear mask and all those things. Yeah.
So this problem, this this thing I think this this video and this is my third time probably and I got connected because previously, before two times again the other side person couldn't hear me seem like it was happening right before we rejoined. I have no idea what was going on. So every time I was connecting it and reporting it like a technical difficulty and the researcher was sending me the times larger than I selected again and re book it. Yeah,
could be they might be
doing
some kind of testing it there and like how the band width is how the people are connecting with audio video or what are the challenges you know, do you do a lot of all these surveys and all these such activities?
it
is very good. And the quality of surveys on prolific. I have noticed it very very awesome. And compared towards some other websites you may come across it has very good quality of service in terms of like they're very distinctive and they are widespread, they are not repetitive you know and they're directly from the researchers. They are not from any third party websites or companies who send surveys in the bottle candle. So this way I like prolific. I just started like probably a couple of months ago. The only thing,
the only bad thing is sometimes I don't know there is a survey because there is no no difficult because there is no notification for it and you just have to be lucky to see if there is anything. Yeah
sometimes you refresh there is sometimes you refresh there is there is nothing. Yeah, I wish they wish they had some kind of app or something so that we can download and if there is a survey it will send us some kind of notification and yeah.
then there may be a chrome extension. Probably I haven't tried it. Yeah because otherwise I I tried to search app in the app store but there is no uh or maybe they did it on purpose because if you if you start sending they're not notification then everybody will jump right away. So not everybody may get an equal opportunity to do the service.
I mean same seem like you were telling we've been home and doing nothing and then most of the time working from home but then it gets so bored and then it is also also like an extra extra income you know. Yeah that's the reason and I've been trying to find more websites and all apps but you know there are very few apps to do that. But sometimes you know you invest a lot of time you don't get to survey completed or you run into any other issue. But this this I found very genuine website than they are so many like Surveymonkey and so many others. But it's really difficult to find the genuine one. I don't know. This was referred to me. Somebody from, I have no, I don't remember who it was but somebody told me about this one and amazon turk as well about it in some of the email that I got then I tried this one this one I liked amazon Turkey's again the same thing. You invest a lot of time over there in the new feeling the service and then you will get only like 12 or five cents and all but this but this is way better and it
it directly send the money to your Paypal account. Then you can get to send to your bank or you can use your Paypal balance for shopping or for holding stuff from online. Yeah.
Did you try
any,
did you try any other website?
thing. One of my family member was trying to sign up on the um talk. But then once all the information was submitted, it looked like it processed all the information. But the next day there was an email or something like that that we couldn't process the application and we didn't try that again and then we just tried this prolific one deciphering better. Yeah. And Turkey is like, it's probably, you're just feeling like reviews and all or how's it or they're on empty like what all you need to do over there. Like
like on prolific we feel service and all. What all you do on mturk. Mhm
Oh, I didn't let you eat.
Some
random tasks. Okay.
I guess when I was just looking like on youtube somewhere like a, how does mturk work? I believe the same amount of time you would spend on mturk probably will not give you this much as you will get on prolific probably.
And it has, it is from UK I believe this prolific website and it has very good quality of service. Sometimes most of the surveys are from universities within the United States and daughter lee. I was on one of the survey were, it was a video survey, the person scheduled and he was from University of Louisiana and then he was, He had a group of 50 students on then he just distributed all the, all the participants in a group of like three or four. And then he was asking some questions in the it was basically like of Webex and that was that was good. And that was interesting survey you know you get to know about so many different topics. Yeah I mean I hope this this doesn't die, I will keep on continuing training working on troll
ethic. You know sometimes website they will just uh they will be just there for a while and then they will just disappear. Yeah.
Yeah
and the good good thing is you can do cash out as well immediately. Yeah you don't have to after like 34 times initial cash cash out. Then you can do immediate. So you don't have to wait like every Tuesday or Thursday ability 1 2nd. Let me get the charger for my laptop
job. Thank you boy. No. Which what is your? Mhm.
yep. Sorry.
Yeah I didn't realize it was about to die. Yeah so mm one second. Yeah that's connected. No. So how else you are passing your time whether than your studies online I mean these days just staying at home and
any
new activity you started that you haven't tried before.
Yeah it's not. Yeah. Yeah.
that's that's a good idea. It kills the time and as well as keeps you healthy as well. Yeah because it's because I remember whole march april I worked from home like continuously for two months and then me and a couple of more from our team we started going to office because there are so so many things which you can only do in office but not at home being an I. T. We need the access to the devices and all those machines. So that's why we started going from first week of May And we have like 8 900 people in our office campus but only 45 are going into the office in the whole building. So you know it's kind of creepy as well that nobody is there. But yeah so now then recently we just started doing our rotations just like one week one person will come or two person will come and then the next week another two or three will come. So you know so that it's it's like equally distributed with everybody. Yeah.
we
started going back I mean it's not like we have to but there are so many things which can only be done and being also responsible for so many projects and activities. You definitely want to be in the office. So that's why we decided we can go to the office. I mean even if we, if we don't feel safe, we can tell to our managers and directors, we just don't feel safe and can we work from home. They will allow us, they are not compelling us to go or you know, mentality to go. They have just left it on us that if you feel comfortable go, if you don't then just continue working from home, at least at least the company guidelines or tell uh Labor Day that you can work from home after that there will be some new guidelines. You know how they want to proceed further depending on how the cases are. We are at least like to two months away from Labor Day one and 1 month here. Yeah,
yeah. Because this old whole thing has been so unpredictable. All the plants like we wanted to go to so many places for travel or back home. You know I'm from India. So we wanted to go from
India. And because
of all these travel plans have been halted now you know we have to reschedule everything and even then if we go there for a certain time you have to be in quarantine and then that that doesn't make sense. First of all you only go for like a few weeks and then out of those you spend one or two weeks in quarantine, you know away from your family members. Yeah.
Those kind of things. Do you travel a lot
school?
So how how long is it for you to graduate? Still a how many years?
Two years left. And you you still will continue after that as well. You want to do here for the city's rate. Mhm.
Take a break and then go back. Right. Right.
Yeah. I mean I don't know personally but I have heard it's very difficult to leader you guys do with all these research and it's very intensive you know didn't you guys have to invest a lot of time? Yeah.
No it's just me
and me and my wife here. Yeah. Yeah
my wife
is working as well so she works in banking in this issue. She doesn't have any option to work from home because
of security reasons and all that privacy information. But she's been going to office. She was we're not working from home but their office was closed for two weeks and
March or april I believe. But other
than that
she's been going regular very limited customer interaction in the banks but she's been going continuously. Yeah for me it has been like on and off whenever. I don't have a lot of work to do. I can work from home. If I have a lot of things to do then I can go office. Yeah and we are not very far from where we work so it's not that we have to drive a lot.
Yeah. Is this starting getting cold over there in Jersey yet?
Pretty warm. Right. Yeah.
Do you like cold snow and crazy weather over there? Yeah.
Or you might be so used to now rick.
Yeah I just it just yeah I guess people because I lived in Colorado for for like 66 or months so I think people just get used to so much cold or snow but yeah but when I lived in florida then I never like cold places but I'm good with good with either one. Yeah I guess it's all about the tendency you just get adjusted to. Yeah. Yeah.
So we should be done with it. Right.
Yeah, I think so. I mean we dialed
again
and all. It should be fine I think.
Yeah. And I really enjoy talking and having a good conversation, you know?
Yeah, you stay safe and stay well. Take care,
Bye.