I can't hear you. Can you hear me? I can't hear you. All right Yeah Yeah. No. Yeah. Yes yeah what was happening? Okay Mhm Mhm Okay. Yeah well but I just started hearing a little something little crackle Mhm Mhm Yeah. No. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Really? Yeah I just checked I can hear other things so my sound is on okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay mm. Yeah yeah mm Mhm Yeah. Both okay. Working yet? No. Okay. You don't crackling anyone on that? You're hearing me fine. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Oh oh but
it's the same thing. Rattling sounds right. You can hear me find still. Uh huh. Little crackling sounds of that. You hear me now? Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. And go back to this Yeah. Mhm
Okay can you hear me now?
or start this family now? Hammer started
to
meet
you.
That
was that was way more difficult than it should have been. Right.
in here
I thought it just wasn't going to work.
You
mean?
whatever hey, As long as it works now, Yeah, I was thinking the same thing. I'm like, I'm on zoom like all day every day
boards
well
and then I'm looking and there's not like a lot of like setting stuff on this or anything,
you know,
there's no,
I think well,
correct. Right.
I'm in sacramento California.
Yeah, probably an hour. Um Yeah, I mean it's an hour if there's not traffic, but there's always traffic, so it's probably more like actually an hour and a half, two hours,
depending
on
my day.
Gosh, Yes, the smoke was so horrible.
We dealt with smoke.
It was horrible. It was just, you know, it was one thing you've got Covid, so no one is leaving the house, so
you're like barely leaving the house and then the smoke comes and you're like, I can't even, like, take a walk right now without
feeling this disgusting, in fact. Um Well, you know, we went, my, my family dropped off my daughter at college and then went to visit my dad in Wyoming. And it started being smoky there because there was a bunch of fires, like in near Yellowstone. And then by the time we got back it was horribly smoky. And um after only like two weeks of having a filter in from my A C I had to replace the filter because it was like,
Claude
from smoke. Yeah, it was so gross. So
it's just like, man, we're breathing the stuff even indoors. But it was, it was like, you could taste it outside. I mean, it was that bad that it was just constant for, I don't know, I'm like forever. It was like six weeks, so I'm
just constant smoky. And then the first day it was clear, it felt like felt like suddenly you could breathe again or something when a sinus infection clears or something and you're like, I
could
breathe,
don't worry,
No, so gross.
Yeah. Um yeah, there's still something like there's a fire going on an organ size and there's some fire still here and there, but none of those enormous ones that were, you know, blocking everything. We're still having some dramatic
sunsets because of how much some areas, but
nothing
like the
plus.
totally. It was, it was like deep, so Oh man,
Oh my gosh, it was just like, man, I already don't go outside hardly at all. Let me at least take a walk, you know? And I love, I love hiking and camping and hunting and fishing.
Like
I love being outdoors and we didn't do any of that for like a month and a half just because you didn't want to go out in the air. It was the craziest thing and I thought, oh, well get in the, in the hills where maybe it will be better. But my mom lives, my mom lives, you know, about 1000 ft higher in elevation than us and she often worse than we did. So it didn't didn't seem like you could keep it. It was just,
Hey mom. So yeah,
having your, you're washing your cars. We moved into a new home like six months ago, which is a bad time to move into
the home.
Yeah. Based. Um and we don't have the garage cleared yet, of course, because I'm
horrible horrible and dealing with all this stuff, you know? Um So our cars are all parked outside and there's just so we had to wash them like every few days or so because of how much ash would be on it, which can turn acidic, so it'll like eat
away
at your paint. So we
were washing cars all the time. It's a super not cool one.
so you're in New Jersey used to
you know, I've been west coaster all my life. We lived in colorado for a little while, but I've always lived or traveled over here. I've been to Massachusetts one and once for work in florida once for a cruise, otherwise I think been passed that colorado. So I've never been to
New Jersey new york anything.
We were we were cutting the hill, so I was in evergreen colorado, so like uh an hour 1945 Minutes West of Denver.
So
we were up in The foothills but we were at like 7500 ft, you know, we're way up there.
yeah. Well you know my mother, my daughter goes to BYU and Utah, so we we've had to drive from here to Utah few times in driving o'clock across, first of all Nevada, which is just full at sage brush and then salt lake flats, which is just white. It's the most boring drive of all time.
It's
just
They're crazy. I mean when you're, when you're driving down like Highway 80, you're going down both sides, it's just white and every now and then you'll see like clouds and passed out there
Out
there
because someone's just doing like 200 mph out through the salt flats, it looks like a glass to do.
right, Well then you hear about high school and like 700 mph out there in the jet cars
and stuff.
What?
Yeah, that's crazy. But it's amazing how much when you drive through there, you know, I live in a pretty suburban area with homes everywhere and it's one town going into the next and stuff
and then you get out in Nevada and you don't, I mean there's like an hour sometimes that you don't see a dwelling of any sort. You know, it's just nothing. It's crazy how much this wide open space there is and that's like along Highway 80, you know the busy
busy freeway, right? And there's nothing there. So you can imagine some of that. It's just so crazy.
Is it?
And
That's crazy. Yeah, we do have. I mean, you know, I was listening to a guy a while back on the podcast, steven Rinella is is that he's been in the hunting and stuff, so he has a cool podcast, but he's also in the history a lot. And what are the things that I found out that was interesting is when states were created, the federal government gave each state a certain amount publicly. So they gave the state, here's all this public land for you to use in whatever way you want. So
some
states,
Some states like California was pretty good about it. Uh Wyoming was pretty good about it. A lot of them protected public land
so that people could use the natural resources. Some states like texas, this big, gigantic, huge state sold every piece of it. So they sold, right, they
just wanted to add to their public funds. So they just sold every piece of it. And like if you're a hunter in texas, you're not going on public land because there isn't like there's no BLM's there's no national forces, nothing. So sometimes I'm like, oh man, oh places I used to go hunting as a kid, you can't go there anymore in California because it's locked, it's landlocked, somebody owns it now, all the stuff, there's still a ton of publicly, but some states have like zero heads in Wyoming. It's interesting that you say that because New Jersey, which was one of the first date, so I don't know if the deal was the same for them um he could have just sold all the public, you know?
So what brought you to New Jersey Day?
What?
I'm
45 so yeah.
So what do you do
for a living?
Hotel.
Oh, for sure. Yeah.
With us buying a new house save. I'm
like, might as well make that's a
dog.
Because we had this we had this big old chunk saved up because we we had actually been renting before. Didn't even we we had owned a house for a while so that we have been renting for a while and I really wasn't ready to buy again and I really didn't want because the market here is probably not as nice
there.
But
it's it's a man breaking out to where I was like, man, I really don't want to buy right now. Um but our people were winning from, we have been there for seven years and they gave us 60 days. There's like, you gotta move out and we're like
over Graham.
Yeah, it was super cold right at the beginning of coat. I appreciate that.
So we had to like, we looked for Reynolds and Reynolds were so stupidly expensive. I mean they were, they were out of control right now. So I was like, well, I don't really want to pay that much to rent. So we went ahead and bought and actually the market has just gone up since we brought up all things in six months. So, uh, you know, it wasn't the worst thing. I still paid more than I wanted to. But, but it kept, you know, I have two kids that I have one in junior high. I was in high school, so I didn't want them to have to change schools that are doing pretty good. Although it's all on my now look like this
bullying mentoring house still, which is been crazy. Um, that there's rumors have been going back to Greece and some of the school districts in the area or back, our school district is enormous. It's like 60,000 kids, something like that. Which for California is just outrageous. So just the logistics of it maybe made a lot. It took us a long time. You go back to doing online school. It took like a month and a half or something like that with nothing. So um so yeah, I, you know, wiped out a whole lot more savings than I wanted to. So I'm like okay, medical Mexico extra dollars where I can or something
easy like chatting with someone for a little while. So um yeah,
so uh yeah, I'm uh you said you went to school. I'm of all things about like six classes left to get a degree. I've been working as a computer programmer or For 20 years now without a degree. Um
But we got like casa which shows kelley blue book and auto trader and dealer track and all these dealer dot com their own lots of automotive related. Yeah, we've got to buy them a few years ago and uh if you want to take certain promotions or gifts or promotions you have to have it here. So I'm just going through the motions of all things. My school is in Vermont, going to champlain college in Vermont all online, but dealer dot com is right next door to them, so we get our tuition for like 50% off and
then my
company, my company reimburses that, so I'm going to get it for free, which is great and
it's it's frustrating as, and I already know what I'm doing really well, right? Um but I have to go through the motions to get a degree
now.
and you know, the next step is like management for me and they just want, they require all their management and in fact, um I was a good buddy of mine works for health man and he wanted to hire me, he was he got the position as director and wanted to hire me as the manager that to take his place at a company and the same thing that they wouldn't hire me without having a great approach.
It's about time to do it. So
almost
yeah, I'll be done in people because
yeah, I could go, I could go faster if I wanted, but it becomes, you know, I'm taking like two classes at a time, but there are like seven week classes, so they're pretty intense. Um So I'll take 22 and then two and be done I think for
you, So
Seriously,
seriously? It's been exhausting just, we finally got to go out recently and eat in a restaurant and it had been like seven months, something like that.
It was, it felt like so crazy to sit down at a restaurant and he served, you know?
Yeah ours is like 50 next to you. Uh huh. Have you had a few other places also it just gets sick and being oh you know jeez,
you come a little stir crazy so
so what do you do for fun?
ma'am.
True.
I haven't, you know what I call so much as a kid. Um Even even before I was a teenager, my grandparents were really called all the time, we had a little nine hole course wrote down the road from my
super
cheap as a kid was like you know the longest hole was like 100 and 80 yards, something like that, you know in and out there with the money, 580 yards and stuff we find. Um So I played a lot man, I even took lessons, but I have a, the last time I golfed, I screwed up my back once and the last time I golfed I was in like a scramble tournament with my dad and his buddies and I was, yeah, it's amazing how much, like if your back is messed up,
you
are not going to be golf in public. I
like that rotate, there was no rotation. So it was all in the arms anyway for some reason. Well I got married, I had kids, I, all this other
stuff
happened,
so
yeah, yeah, and I have four kids, so they can be pretty busy. In fact, I didn't, I didn't do a lot of things for a while because it's
just overwhelming. Um But I haven't often three years probably, no, it's more than probably probably more, so I loved it. Just I want away from it and clubs or anything anymore. So have you haven't done it?
I have a golf course like quiet minutes, maybe away. Yeah.
The youngest is 13, so I'm like, hurry up, just go
and
yes,
so um my buddy wants me to do uh this golf with him because he's gotten into this golf and I'm like, I guess I could I've never tried it though, but he said,
The
nice thing about it around here at least is we're within driving distance of like five courses and all free, like you
just go and
that's better like permanent, like horses that you can just play whenever you want. And it's funny that does change things set up and some of them are right on the side of the road. It's crack up because I'm like those, some of these have to be going into the roads and these disks. But apparently what my buddy liked about it is super and expensive to get into and it's, it's super chill, relax. It's not as, I guess formal as golf golf, you know, but like no one cares what you're wearing and stuff like that. You're just out there doing.
Oh, absolutely. It
is,
Seriously?
serious. Especially when you want to bring in, you know, somebody brand new or something, you can't expect them to go out and spend a fortune
wardrobe
while they're at it.
Yeah, it's super not cool. So it's funny that you talked about that because I used to be at the Nascar use like motor sports. I used to be in a Nascar huge like, like that night actually document they learned heart, here's and then they made some of us car of tomorrow. That was super generic boxy and it was ruined the sport for a lot. I didn't watch
for years because of that because it just
No.
Yeah. They all, all the cars look like you remember it was like ford Chevy dodge and they all look different. They all were better in different
situations.
It just hated it, made it more real and now it's like everyone is in the same car,
like in
it.
Yeah. So I don't know if you heard my dad still kind of casually watches it. I've watched a couple races um, here and there just because they happen to be on, especially this year. Oh, sports.
I
was like, yeah, I don't care what it is. Oh, but we are next year. They have that uh what bristol is the little one that was the half mile, Really high banked track next year?
It's good.
Yeah, Yeah, it's Tennessee um little high, super high banked track. They're making it a dirt track next year for the Nascar guys
with that half mile track in dirt.
I'm
like,
I'm super stoked about
it because I'm like, that's going to be a blast. That that race was always fun because you know, So many races, they're like not touching
each other and they're drafting the whole time, that one was slamming each other. You know, the
topps
meat is like 100, you know,
I
yeah, I'm super excited about it. So I just heard about that and I'm like man, I am so in so that looks like a blast. So you can imagine it would just be like I grew up with uh racetrack Impossible, which is 30 minutes from me and I grew up up that area and they have a little half mile dirt track for like sprint cars and stuff like that, you know? And it was so much fun actually took my boys there last year and it was so much fun just to watch those cars bumping and crashing and there's of course extremely loud while you're at it too. So um I think I think this will be a good one for them to watch to just uh nascar, you know, they like cars, but they haven't really watched racing that much. So I think that would be a good one to get them going with a little bit.
More basement. Just have a couple of buddies embraced their impossible. And even even the beat up old stock cars, just those motors alone were so expensive
to deal with because you're blowing your blowing something up every we're breaking something all the time. You're always using stuff.
So what motor sports are you into? What
do you like watching?
cough
may be cool
as a as drag cars. We have a serious point which is down in napa and I got to go there once and it was just really you think you understand what loud is
until one
of those news goes off and it doesn't matter how prepared you are when one of those fuels goes
and
it just feels like it shakes you. Oh my gosh. Unreal.
Well. oh
that's like the hard power. It's so impressive. So, Well it looks like we're past. We're at 26 minutes so
I think we're actually good. So
you too. Thanks. Uh You know I was worried the first time that it was gonna be some, you know, you have no idea who you're gonna
be hook up with. But this is super easy. So yeah, I'm glad. I'm glad we dealt with our technical issues so
I'm gonna
have to remember just just re click the link I guess and see what happens. Lot
of works.
Thanks appreciate it. You to
talk
to you later.