Mhm.
Hello? Mhm Good. I can't hear you now though. I can't hear you. Mhm Uh huh Yeah, I still can't hear you. I don't understand you want to try logging back in? It worked I guess you can hear me after I log back in. Why don't you try? Yeah.
Oh yeah, there we go. Well, that was a rough start. Mhm.
All right. How you doing buddy? My name is Ian great.
And
how
are you
man?
you know this is the second one that I've done of these. The first one was pretty smooth. But you know, I'm I'm glad that we worked
it out. Oh man.
You know I was wondering if they were trying to test us to see like how we respond to technical difficulties because like I'd never I'm on a lot of these like video conference calls and I never have issues. And you know, I can tell
like
with your bluetooth and the wired headset, like you've done this before too, so I don't understand why their issue. But anyway uh
I know. Seriously?
Yeah, like I started to feel like an idiot. I'm like wait a minute,
you might be messing with us.
No, there's
nothing
like, like you mean
new and that's it.
not that hard, but uh so I'm inside for Jersey. Where are you buddy?
Sacramento? I used to go out to bury a lot, but not too much in sacramento was like our our easter, so
All right. I still
have some
good
friends and NSF and one in Oakland, but uh you guys done with all the fires and the smoke and everything from that shit
I saw.
Yeah, it looks fucking bad man.
Well.
man.
we're
just crack.
man.
man.
I
mean
yeah, I'm gonna, I'm like half an hour outside of new york city. And uh, we actually,
yeah, we saw it here too. Like, I mean it wasn't like, it wasn't like where I couldn't breathe or anything, but like, uh, you know, there was nothing on the radar is it's supposed to be a bright sunny day, but it was still like overcast from the smoke.
yeah, I feel terrible for you guys, but it's over now.
Well,
I saw
like
orange
skies and everything like that. It was like apocalyptic. Almost fans crazy.
that's that's exactly what you need after dealing with this covid stuff too. Right.
You
know.
man.
Oh,
Congratulations.
I guess
all your stuff in there.
on
and
I'm,
Yeah, that's, that's rough.
Yeah, yeah, central part of New Jersey, so
Work.
Yeah, I was actually born and raised in Kansas. So my uh my parents were students at the University of Kansas, so I was in the eastern part on the other side of colorado, but where you are part of colorado.
Yeah, I mean we
didn't uh
yeah, I don't do well at altitude and like, we never went out west. I think I've been to colorado once when I lived in Kansas, but just because driving across Kansas, it's like, it's what everybody makes fun of Kansas four, right? It's just flat and nothing and farm like that's it, like that. I can't, I can't do that. Especially now, man. Yeah.
I
don't
know, I don't know much about Utah at all, but I do know about the salt flats there because I'm big into like motive so so I've never been to the salt flats but obviously I've heard a lot about so
From
somebody reading
another.
I mean I before I die I definitely want to do that at least once and that will probably be the death of me but it will be worse.
and like
like rocket powered cars
and Yeah.
What?
Major. The major
I I wouldn't be able to deal with that. I don't think like I'm in a pretty suburban area myself right now in New Jersey but like I don't know if you know, but New Jersey is probably the most densely packed state in the country.
So like we
have nothing like there's like I'm lucky I have parks around here. Um But like even though even then like you can't go anywhere with nothing like there's no part of this that there's you know nothing.
sort of
decide
what to do with it. Right. Yeah.
Good.
Yeah.
It's very possible that the chinese state too, so that doesn't help especially relative to texas and California, you know? But yeah
Um So my parents were students at the university of Kansas, so that was in Lawrence um when they graduated, my uncle was living out here in Central New Jersey at the time
and he got my mama job um with uh was Ciba Geigy back then is Novartis now, so pharmaceutical company And New Jersey is known for a shitload of pharmaceutical companies. Right? So we came out here for that job and uh you know went to middle school high school and we went to Rutgers. So I've been in Jersey for most of my life, moved to when I was 1144 now, so
30 some years.
Yeah. Yeah
I'm
a marketing consultant, so primarily I started more offline, you know what the traditional print advertising, billboards, radio, all that type of stuff and now much more digital. Um So
yeah so I have a little bit of flexibility in my schedule for each day and uh you know I figured it was not a bad time to make a little bit extra money. So here I am
when
have
bit
helps man.
I
can't
even imagine.
that's pretty cool.
Yeah. Here. Thanks.
Holy shit.
there's stuff over mine
You know?
so I mean
Oh.
you know
that?
Where?
Yeah I have a lot of friends who are software developers and uh you really don't need a college degree for that if you
you're doing, if you can if you can visualize what you're trying to accomplish, your fine piece of paper is not going to say hey this guy knows what he's doing. Um But at the same time I can somewhat understand like the more corporate type organizations they want that paper to say hey all right, so this guy put in the effort so to that extent I can someone understand.
Well
Yeah. So you said
six classes away?
Almost there.
Almost
there. Hopefully things are open and open back up by then two, you'll be able to do
this and everything.
You're
yeah, we still haven't done that. Um I met up I met up with a couple of friends in an outdoor restaurant, but I haven't done inside yet. Um they opened that up in New Jersey, I don't know roughly like 34 weeks ago Uh for 25% capacity and daughters. Um but I just I don't know if I'm ready to do that yet. Uh
Yeah, definitely, definitely.
Yeah. Yeah, that's for sure. So
uh well I do enjoy camping hiking. Um I've only gone hunting a couple of times, but you know, it's not that I don't enjoy it, it's just there's not really an opportunity because you got to get out
you got to go to like upstate new york to get any kind of good
but camping you can do pretty much anywhere you know? But what else? I like golf you golf it off.
that's
perfect.
this
year.
No no.
we'll
hear
that that'll
get you.
and.
Well
well after your last one goes off to school maybe you can pick it back up again. Yeah.
well
five more years. Yeah.
Yeah.
I've never tried it either I mean it looks like it's kind of fun but I I don't know I've never tried it so I
really wouldn't.
No
so there's actual disc golf courses wow wow.
Yeah, I mean the good thing is with like golf, golf, they relaxed a lot of that shit because they're rooting people, man. It's like, it was, it's an old stodgy white man's game, that's what is known for, You know what I mean? Like that's what
we've
got to get more people involved and as a result, they've been relaxing a lot of the stupid rules that they've had, like, you know, the dress rules, like all that type of stuff like, who really cares? You know, like if
your country club, I get it right, like you want to make sure that your members that are paying hundreds of $1000 a year, they feel like they're elite or whatever, but normal golf course, like, come on man, So
No, there's no,
you
gotta wear your stupid golf pants, you're tucked in, you know, you gotta wear spikes like you're spending $500 before you can even play like that's, that's kind of insane.
well
I used to love nascar but I don't watch it anymore. Like there's too
many rules involved now, right? Like it used to be about just the drivers now. Like everything, they got all these like arrow things like rules and the carb aerators like the wind size, like everything has to fit the right shape. Too much, man.
Bernie
here,
the same
one.
It's like, how can you tell us the sticker that's on it, you know? It's cool.
With nothing else
on.
Connecticut
or Tennessee?
With that size.
Oh man. Actually
I've
watched that federal.
You're,
What?
I
wouldn't,
I
didn't know about that, man. I totally watch that. Uh huh.
Oh, yeah. It's an expensive hobby though. I'll tell you what, if they get into it, not just spectating, but if you get into it. Yeah.
All
Yeah. Well, the good thing is you learn about engines, you know how to fix them up and mechanical. So there's just for that,
I
was big into drag racing for a long time now. More about road racing. Um, but
uh, yeah, I've been a Diehard Chevy guy all my life, so
But uh, you know,
No,
no.
Well, when will you
feel?
that's power
Yeah.
All
Yeah. Jason. It was nice to talk to anybody.
Where?
me too, man. Me too.
Normal.
robert,
Junior House man.
take care
buddy
back