Well,
Morning.
Mm
hmm.
It is. Yeah.
Have you done this before?
I'm in Minnesota. How about even?
Hi,
Mm. Um, I'm worse, but it's actually, it's warm outside. It's cold in here, but it's hot already for june for us. Not even,
Like,
I say that's very hot,
That's crazy. Yeah. No, I feel like 90's here we consider, yeah,
pretty hot. And then higher than that, just like, oh
okay, wow. That's it.
that's, thank you.
Yeah, you're not missing. I mean, it just depends. I think if you grew up with it, it's kind of nostalgic because they're like, oh, you know, I guess I associated with holidays or like different events, but yeah, driving in it, you know, stuff like, it's not fun. I would read it to that.
What?
Yeah. Last year I think it was we got like two ft of snow and that's just crazy because they didn't have any place to put it because I live in the city and so it was nuts. Yeah.
What? I've been to California a couple of times. It's really pretty like san Diego and up to L. A. Really like
you have you got to test the temperature and it just really pretty with the ocean and wow.
Yeah I did go there once and I went to see Conan O'brien show sister. Yeah we went on like a girls trip so we went there and that was fun and uh went to san Diego and walked on the beach and it was just really nice. Yeah.
Certainly.
Oh wow. Yeah.
For
her.
Oh yeah, I believe that. I don't think we're there. It was like insane. A couple hours for a ride. Uh
No.
that's nice. Yeah.
it seems to be the way it is. Like it's in your where you live and it's popular, people always like, oh, didn't you go and you're like, no, it just used to it. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah.
Hello? Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. It's crazy. I mean, I feel we're lucky right now. I don't know if we're gonna close down again, but I know I feel bad for states that are just having the surge is such a nightmare. Can't
enjoy
something. I can't. Yeah. Yeah,
I feel for you guys. Yeah. I mean I can imagine somewhere in California awesome so you just want to get out and go to the beach and yeah, but
you
know what?
Nothing.
look
that's really nice.
Yeah.
But
where have you gone? Uh huh.
No.
Oh
perfect
It's
Next.
What?
sure.
Oh
For years
that's
not
shit.
That's crazy. All
You're
there?
All
interesting. I was about that. Huh?
the
facility.
Have I ever traveled anywhere? Is that is that
you know and I don't travel a lot element like I haven't left a lot. I mean I've gone to Canada because it's not too far from Minnesota but like I guess the place I've gone that I liked the best was probably like the southwest so going to the Grand Canyon and um bryce and Zion like I really like still in there.
That was really pretty.
Yeah. That surprised me a lot about you when I went okay. Yeah that'll be me. Then you go when you're just like blowing away.
I
no.
Yeah once you go you can get this bug you're just like oh I have to go back. Um It's like with all this going on like you know? But yeah hopefully by next year that will calm down.
Yeah. Um I blew the flow into phoenix and then drove er Yeah
no
yeah no I mean it would be fun to road trip it but it might take a while, a couple of days. Yeah that would be fun to do. Um Yeah I'd love to do that. Or like what this last summer? I hope you, Have you ever been to the Rocky Mountain National Park? Oh that you see that's really pretty too because it's just you know sitting on the mountaintops and um europe 20 some 1000 ft and when you're in the cloud you see it's just amazing, it's pretty cool.
Yeah you can tell when you there's some cats and as you're watching you're like wow I can tell I am out of breath
just walking upstairs. Yeah. Um You get used to it but yeah you can definitely tell. Mhm.
Perfect.
Uh
huh.
yep, yep,
not too far from Denver, yep. No it's really it's really fun to yeah yeah
speaking with, yeah that's one thing I was hoping with this whole pandemic, oh yeah get in shape and yeah, I got all the time. No.
the
period
Yeah that seems to be a common theme that a colleague of mine doing to
of people are getting their floors or painting or Yeah, yeah, because it's like what else are you gonna have time? So yeah, yeah, yeah, it's been weird, I've been I don't know about you like with all this, I've been home since about March, it's weird to kind of think like what it's like to be out in the real world again working.
correct
Perfect.
Yeah.
but
I feel like if this is happening during winter, um it would be better, Especially
Here, No one goes out anyway,
but
yeah, you know, but because it's during somewhere it's like everybody's itching there, like I can't stay inside anymore.
Okay.
Yeah, it sucks
with all this stuff going on. And then we had, you know, I'm kind of by Minneapolis, we have lots of stuff happen up here and it's just been kind of crazy, you're kind of like what's gonna happen next.
was,
we'll see what happens. Yeah, I'm not sure what they're gonna do with that, another, talking about a community type force, maybe
just
having
some police
for more serious situations, I'll be curious to see what they come up with. Yeah.
What?
Yeah, I agree. And I think there's definitely people who want to make a change and like would be great at it is just agree, I just hope they can find the right people that will they can hire to do the job the thing because it would be great, it could escalate things instead of having to go off, it blew up and you're like what just happened? Oh um yeah,
it's
crazy. Yeah,
I lived in um ST louis Missouri for a while and they have a lot of problems with that I need yeah, I don't know if you saw last night uh
you see the mayor? Um she kind of, so I used to live in this neighborhood. The mayor gave out addresses and names of people who wanted to defund the police and people that they didn't like that. Uh huh. She apologized but they went to protest in front of her house and it's in a very wealthy neighborhood in ST louis, it's gated private street. And it's funny was they just walked but it was still street. I mean I don't know if it's technically I don't know if it's technically not walk on it. I never did that and I was scared too. But but you know, we didn't know what people would do. But apparently the one of the people that owned a house there came out with the Ak 47 that the white pistol you have to look up and they look absolutely crazy, they're yelling at the protesters um get off their lawn and I was just like like I understand you worried people are going to hurt your place, but they were just literally walking by to get to the mayor's house, it's kind of protest and just watching it was just kind of a comical but not just
interesting.
google it. It's a lot of means now today. Uh
Yeah this is interesting watching everybody how everyone's reacting. Yeah. Mhm.
Um Well luckily I think things are actually super peaceful now, I mean I think anyone that was trying to do harm you know and like um you'd be like burn stuff down, I mean I think that's pretty much has been gone really have to do the first week and all peaceful protests now which is which
yeah, so they
I don't have anyone to get hurt you know? Come Yeah
I'm sure.
Yeah. I can only imagine. Yeah. Yeah. Do you guys, are you guys still pretty much change stuff that is still pretty dry out there? Like they're still concerns for wildfires in California.
What?
The solution,
Here.
great.
What?
But yeah, wow.
Come
here.
All
Mhm. Mhm.
Shit.
What?
This year. Uh
Oh,
like,
How?
Perfect.
It was crazy. Uh
Yeah. Oh no. Oh,
Uh huh.
After
they're serious.
Yeah, exactly. Exactly. Yeah. They try to do those controlled burns here too. It's more so for like the prairie so they just yeah, to get rid of leads and just keep it healthy. But yeah, they have to be very careful sometimes it gets out of control.
Yeah, definitely. Uh huh Yeah. Um You were city work in social work right? Are
you? But
No.
I think that's great.
But
effective.
No.
I think that's awesome. You need more people like you doing stuff like that. Yeah,
that's great.
My
All
No,
that's fun.
No.
huh.
Yeah, we do to like even though we live in a like a dead end neighborhood, the there are a lot of people that set off firecrackers randomly throughout today and saw something sitting there. Yeah. You're
like what? Yeah.
All
No.
look
Sounds great. Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Sounds like that's a big problem in a lot of cities. There's a new york city.
Uh huh. Okay. Yeah.
No, it doesn't. Yeah, same here. They're illegal here, but people still, we even live under your kids so tracks the borders.
All
Yeah. Okay.
Um uh I felt by saving towards like a pair of running shoes
like
that. Let's get into running again. I haven't done that for a while.
Right. Yeah. I really like I don't think it's balcony. Like their shoes. I think I like really bright shoes
too, so
like
That's great.
Oh
I like to try a different brands to sometimes they do come up with better fitting ones so.
I agree. How about you, would you spend to buy with the money? Okay. Mhm. Okay.
What?
what?
yeah.
yeah I know you can make a decent amount of spending cash through Berlin. Mhm.
All
wow. That will be good
there
second.
Hi.
like
that
sounds good. It's nice second to you too.
Yeah. Yeah. I hope you have a good happy summer everything. Hope stuff comes down there for you guys so