cat fighting. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Oh yeah. All right. I think it's not, yeah. Thank you. Mhm. Yeah protected. Mhm. Right before. Yeah man I talked to you about yeah. Do you think? Right? Yeah. Right. I never thought about it you know sometimes it comes out radical. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Mhm. My ministry I was just do you think during the war but let's get out. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Don't forget. Oh or people you can get Mhm. No. Yeah I'm sorry. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. Oh two yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't want to know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Which, Yeah. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Come on. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. How do you write that line? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah mm mm. All right. Yeah mm. The british people. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's right. What about this? Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. It was good for you now. What? it's a man this is okay Home.
Hello? Good morning.
Well I'm not sure what time is on your end but good morning I just felt good. Uh
uh
Is this the first time you've done something like this?
Yeah
actually they wanna I don't remember maybe like half a year ago I got from new york and I'm like so it's completely different. He was uh an interesting guy to say the least. So where are you from?
I'm in California I've been telling is
it is it hot over there in the cold?
Um I'm not sure what 100 is for you is 100 like
really hot or just hot or uh
Oh I mean that's sort of normal here so once it's 1 10 1:15 And that's very hard. Yeah.
Yeah.
90s must be nice. But I mean your winters are I don't even know how, I don't I don't even think I'd be able to live and now I don't I can't imagine it. I don't I think you probably think California my whole life but I've only said no twice.
That's it. Yeah.
So.
Yeah because one of the times was me me driving in it but that was not a lot of fun because I thought I was going to get stuck where I was at because I thought uh because then in southern California like right um Right past L. A. This was
called the grapevine which is a huge mountain range. And yet over that get to northern California or central California. Um I know it's not and I was trying to get over it and I thought I was gonna get stuck there in the home parent name and I have nothing in my I didn't have any like, blankets or so I thought I was going to die, but I went over it. It's probably nothing for you guys. Probably just something regular, regular december day.
I'll do All right.
Yeah.
guys up to like Disneyland or uh let's say hmm,
thanks in a sense. You know, I've I've lived in southern California my whole life.
I've only been to Disneyland I think three times. Yeah.
People, people from here probably expecting people
to go all the time,
but the line of Salon.
pretty bad. And I mean recently they upgraded their uh parking before parking, like when going into it and then leaving was a nightmare. Okay. Like you would spend maybe like, I don't know where you went, but you would be there for like, maybe a couple hours Trying. But like now just the last time I went I went
and took earlier this year and I think I parked in like 15 minutes and then left faster doing this.
And but I'm really going okay. Yeah.
but I got to the beach a lot more often. Yeah.
But I mean lately having gone probably uh I don't know what I know the people that are going to the beach right now and I think that's sort of crazy. But we'll see because uh
because we're at the very least thing uh people that I know, I know people I know like three or four people that have already had the virus. Yeah. So
what's he see the people that are
you
have?
Yeah.
Because I'm I'm like an hour away from the beach or
like
a mountain sicko skiing or see the snow and I'm really single and then mount from an hour from like the driest
on the west coast or an hour to go through Mexico. There's all
things to do with. Yeah
but I'm going to yeah
but if you
get a chance to go to Mexico pretty fun. But uh
I've gone to one the closing to Tijuana. I don't know if you know what that's it
but it's like right next to menu. It's a pretty big stick. Yeah. So uh I mean it's pretty safe there if you don't go to uh if you know where you're going because I mean there's obviously places where like the like the Red light District that's pretty bad place to go. Uh Or maybe I mean clubbing clubbing that right people go clubbing. But uh if you just said during the day nothing's gonna happen to you. But uh
you come to the capital
and a lot of people, we just went down when he starts arguing like 41 is uh and then uh I went to uh my mom something which is uh which can, which is in Central uh Central Mexico, that's very dangerous. My brother, uh there's
nothing, there's nothing that's worth seeing there that would uh that would be worth you going. But all of our photo come from there, although I don't think you probably come from there. So they got
michigan is one of the few or one of the cities
in which often called good weapon is one of the few cities where I've gone in Mexico and I felt for because they have, they have crazy huge avocado things. Uh
uh
you'll see people are describing Lamborghinis in the street or like you just have crazy amounts of money ever since avocado became super popular
here. You guys that. Yeah
and then
cartels are moving their money from like drugs
into avocado because of how often warn is and they don't like hide their money so uh
but there is a crazy in the city but what I thought was really interesting was that there that at the avocado plantations, their house,
the house of
the main house, that's exactly how uh like took more, what I would imagine tobacco plantation farmers, how they looked like. How do you know how they have the, like I don't like uh like the greek pillars and the boxy
white gold is exactly the same.
No but they're uh they're rich,
have
you ever traveled anywhere? Yeah,
like
Zion
is gorgeous. Absolutely. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, like everything is uh yeah it's crazy. Uh I didn't expect
it because when we were driving there it was night um
starting from here to California going there, it's all completely dark and then we woke up maybe like 56 shortly before uh Don and then drove into Zion and then you can see everything another well it's nothing up until that point as well. I want to go back.
You guys drive there is yes. Why?
yeah,
but it wasn't that bad for you from?
is it, is it is it so high where that it's sort of hard to breathe
well?
this whole quarantine
got me out of shapes. I finally die up there. Yeah.
Uh
because this is a rocky mountain, right? Nothing colorado, Right?
Uh
Mm. Yeah.
I've just been doing a lot of cheating, a lot, a lot of people because my mask, you can see everything behind me, but I mean even then that's just uh I don't know, my mom decided that ever since uh since we have so much time we can just remodel
the
whole house, so was the uh we've had a couple of months going at it, but uh we'll see how it goes.
you know
Yeah, I've been here since like March soon because I only
drive the work and then drive back and then that's pretty much about my
only contact with mhm
but I
don't know if you heard how you have, how California has stay at home orders, but a lot of people that even so driving there, I still have traffic, I mean there are still people going out so we'll see how that goes. Yeah.
definitely
because
I don't
Oh yeah, no. Yeah, I have this image right, I mean uh
thank you. Uh huh.
Uh huh.
That must be, that would be wild areas. Minneapolis
isn't going to have police, what's the other?
welcome
to
work,
you know?
hopefully hopefully something good that everyone else can model. But I mean because uh because I worked with social services and uh I think I don't agree that cops should go to uh to to like mental breakdowns because I've been there, I have worked with people who are mentally disturbed and police to them. It'll just it heightens the situation so much like it's uh it doesn't work out uh lisa pleased here. They they're not trained to really know how to expect the situation. They just go in thinking of the threat is a threat, threat, but not how we can come down. We can come down we can come down so uh I really can do something like that because there are people that can come people I got down without being violent. All right. But uh the problem is if they're hiring them, hiring
them and maybe going with police officers, I don't know. Maybe they can just be police officers, but who knows? I'm not I'm not trying to plan for the spectrum, but hopefully there's people out there that are
I'm just trying to look
at.
Mhm.
Must
I
mean that's not where you would expect that. Thank you. 47 to be that, so uh
Yeah.
long do you think it would be? So you can come down over there?
I'll
just here to but uh they've come down since even the ones in L. A. They got down to. Yeah. But
because there was definitely a lot of looting in L. A.
because uh there's just too many there's just too many uh stores with too many high valuable things in L. A. For there not to be. Yeah especially uh if you go to everyone who's lived in South L. A. They probably for sure go to do something. Are you been? There's just there's just so many areas that are like uh that would probably cut the political diluting. Uh huh.
Um So it just it's like a cycle. So there
is a year where there's there's enough frame.
Or more than a thing like I feel like this shit, we had a decent amount of water and then so that causes
foliage to go like really quickly and that is what drives over.
And then the next following year is when we have problems or the next following year there's water
and they want to grow even bigger. And then the year after that, so it's sort of like a game of chicken I guess that there was like how long could it growing until it just catches by already?
you have
rain,
but I mean that just means next year, whether catch up easier or will they catch on fire more easily? Uh Who knows? Right, just it's just up to whether if there's this, they can come clear across enough because we have uh I'm sure you guys do too, but we have conservation forms out here where it's people who
go out into the foliage. But uh okay, who knows, who knows, our very own working right now to be honest I don't know if they're working so yeah
but I think it's a natural cycle but
it's been um it's been worse lately but
but er yeah because um
I don't know if you listen to podcasts but I listened to this one called Radio Lab and there was an episode really did on a uh uh
on a forest
then northeast of the country. I'm not sure exactly where where this bird that is uh endangered and
uh it only grows
in a young tree. So they have to there's this big part and they divided into four quadrants and then they burn off one part project three so that so that they can keep planting trees to save the bird.
but that's something bring down the whole entire course,
we'll see if the break and come back. That was the whole entire story that they actually bring the whole forest. Well yeah,
you can only
control fire
something like, you know.
Are you? Uh huh. It's probably it's probably spends over there pretty quickly I think. Yeah.
I worked in
center for you between the ages of 16-26 who are, there's different
tiers of mental health and we do the highest. So we have people the most uh uh I guess you could play it worse mental mental disorders. So like schizophrenia or personality disorders like that.
That will do. My job is pretty fun. I just like the experience and then the whole day or uh Well we do like our
groups where we'll do art therapy with them. It's pretty fun going every once in a while. We'll have someone who's uh uh who has politics on longer. But I mean not it's a really easy job. I'm surprised
they pay me for it, but I mean at the same time it's better for them to be there with me than it is for them to be outside board because for, so let's just be outside in the streets, the street, Kathy's alright. Things that they think are fun,
but um house concept. Yeah.
yeah,
yeah, because uh I'm
hoping to become a therapist, so
we'll see how that goes. Sorry, my dogs right there.
I
heard about the fireworks, My
neighbors, there's fireworks aerial, but I'm just my name. So they make my dog to have like panic, panic attacks, anxiety attacks. Mm
sometimes I go to like 23 in the morning over the years, so it's fourth of july saturday, so it gets pretty bad. I don't know if you guys have a problem with fireworks over there.
I
didn't get the fireworks from Mexico. So you have the big, have you seen the cannon ones with the
canon? It's canon like a big pipe like this big and then like a little ball to it and it's like the ones that make this
like the big spread out in there. Yeah it's like and then like maybe
234 seconds lady and then you hear another like a bigger explosion. What when it hits? Yeah, I
like them but my dog doesn't. Yeah. So I guess I don't like them by a by association. Yeah.
I
feel very illegal here, you know here but people still doing. Yeah,
I don't really go right but they really go here. Doesn't something?
Oh but because it's uh I mean it
makes sense here like here something would catch on fire and especially in the summer but people still really good. What else? Uh
Yeah, so what you gonna spend your prolific money on
on
this?
Do you have a particular parent mind?
I
don't know if
one optimus that the ones that you don't make the ultimate thing are the most comfortable to I've ever won. You have one. Yeah,
I'll never buy another shoe. Mhm.
But I heard someone uh the new balance is coming out with some that are better, but who does I'll try him.
because I'm always looking for comfortable shoes because yeah.
I don't even know right now to be honest, I usually stack it and then when I have when I want to buy something and uh
I'll just cash out and like, you
know, I don't have anything right now, I'm like yeah,
but I've been getting a lot of corona by this one, so I'm pretty happy.
I may I think on last monday I made I think £10 in one
hour. Yeah,
because I logged in
and
sometimes there's one but that morning there was like 10 and I was like
but I have the I have
the snow
to fire on my phone, but it hasn't been notifying me recently because I have it. But is it okay? I'm just kidding. Uh That's probably why I haven't been notifying. I've heard open but it was nice talking to you. I thought I have to go right now. I keep talking to but I have to go. Yeah,
I hope things that keep safe with you guys over there because uh hopefully right some start back up again. Yeah.
Thank you. I'll see