Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. The war? Oh yeah. Mhm. Yeah. What? I'm sorry. Mhm. What? No, I think that. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Right.
Hi, how are you?
Hello? No. Yeah, so I guess we're just supposed to talk for 25 minutes,
that's that's honestly it just uh I guess, see how things are going. Um
Yeah.
Oh gosh, I it's I mean it's been insane, I mean my life is just since March, you know, in the middle of March, I started working from home and I'm still currently working from home, my man, I'm lucky I still have a job. Um But yeah, it's just it's amazing how you go from like this daily routine, like every single day to, You know, I mean it's like completely 3 60. Um So yeah, I mean we've I don't know where you're from, but I'm from Illinois from Chicago, so we've entered that phase for, so we've started opening like restaurants and bars and stuff like that again as of last friday um But yeah, it's it's been crazy.
No, I honestly I'm afraid it's going to turn out to be kind of like what we're seeing on the news about like texas and California and florida and all that stuff, you know where they opened everything, but now they're shutting things down again because I don't know, so I'm hoping it doesn't come to that, but I think it might.
sir.
it is,
got
it.
No, no, you, you know, you get so used to doing it only a couple of times a week and now it's like daily routine of cooking. I've I've gone through like some drive through is like I'll go to Mcdonald's or something like that. Probably not the safest thing to do you know because you don't know what kind of, you know what are they actually doing behind the counter you know? Um But
yeah it's it's amazing. It's really changed. So you said in Utah they have a lot of cases because I know I mean really?
stop
in the
state.
I
know
it's
she agrees.
Hello?
No.
Thanks.
Are
you serious?
thank
Yeah. No I my family luckily everyone's been safe. Everyone's good. Um I had one friend who had like you were saying I mean he had diabetes, he was um he had a a lot of health issues. Um So unfortunately he did pass away from it about a month ago uh
over here. Thank you over here. It's just, I mean the amount of cases like it's very scary to go out, you know, I'm going to go anywhere.
this
arms
on,
my
yep, you got to make those tough to shit decisions, and I went through with my dad many years ago, not related to coach, but you know, when I was in my twenties to I had to do the same thing and it
is,
you know, I mean it's, you know, amazing how what life throws at you.
Thanks, teenager.
then you grow up and you're like, I go back to being a kid, please
anyone.
yeah, a little
bit,
so
I'm 33, I'm 33, so
no, I don't think it's because of you, you know?
so,
I'm just hoping.
All
there's
I do, I am a financial analyst, so I work for a manufacturing company and I do all their balance sheets and um, profit and loss statements and stuff like that. And I like, it, it's hard to do from home though. It's really hard when you don't have access to the same people on a daily basis. I mean you got a phone, you know, you can call them, but they don't always answer and it's not like walk around the corner to somebody's office and say, hey, can you do this for me or, you
know?
exactly, So now it's a little um, so it's a little more challenging, but we've, I'm actually surprised with how, well it's gone. Like when it first started, like in the middle of March, I was like, oh God, this is going to be terrible, we're not like, you know, so many people are department, we're not going to be able to do this all from home and know my company was really good and they're like look you gotta go out and buy ink for your printer, go buy ink will pay you back for, you know, I mean whatever the case would be, so they just wanted everybody to be safe and as healthy as possible. And um they started bringing back some people um that work on like machines because like I said it's manufacturing um but I can do my job from home so they want to keep us out I guess as long as possible. So right now I don't know when I'll be going back to the office maybe september?
I
know.
my goodness.
and I have not, so I'm lucky it's just kinda I got a quiet home so I have no one at the moment so
more
huh
just,
So
yeah and now it's like now I'm trying to decide, you know, I've got friends, you know, all ages and everything and now the bars just opened up last friday, everyone's like oh let's go do this, let's you know, it's a long fourth of july weekend, let's go hang out at this bar and I'm like uh too soon, you know
no
and
you have you can have it at home, I mean you know you can go to the grocery store, go buy it, make yourself at home and you're safe,
different.
What?
Two.
I know
you
talked
It's
been so
long,
holder,
it
is.
No,
I don't either. Um how's the weather in Utah, is it? Hat is it?
it's
flat
today.
it's like 90 over here. It is lit and muggy and stormy.
Yeah,
I've
never, never been there,
I've never
loved
anyone
please
you
But
yeah.
Say
that's
awesome. That's incredible. Yeah. Here you just see lots of traffic, lots of cars, lots of the buildings, I mean, yeah, unfortunately over here there's not a whole lot of uh scenery in my opinion. Um, unless you like architecture and you know, scott,
you know, rises
history
I
wouldn't call it
what?
Hey, you know history is history.
Well
you're
like,
no, thank you. I'm good.
time is it in Utah
what?
so I'm an hour ahead of you. Right. Yeah, but, so no, I mean, so you said you're not working right now?
Get up.
I
Except
No.
So what?
And unemployment,
I
will go away. You know what I mean? Like it'll get better after some time I think.
exactly. I keep hearing that we're supposed to be getting a second round of stimulus checks in july. I've read it on like facebook and you know, I've seen so many articles on it. I don't know if it's actually
legitimate or if it's, you know, just people writing to get, you know, everyone all excited about
it, but
very
helpful if, yeah, it would be helpful if they sent another round of those.
salt.
Yes. That I, I bowled 100% agree. I mean like, you know, any free money is good, right? But I mean it's kind of a slap in the face where it's like, Oh, you know, we got a $1 trillion dollar uh, budget. Oh, here's this little shack. Have a nice day. Yeah,
And everything goes in the, gosh, did you guys have any um, issues uh, with riots and stuff in Utah? You did Okay.
Well
before,
that's
good. That's awesome.
something.
do it.
Oh my God.
were,
Yeah. They're doing it, they're doing it here to um, there were a few days where, you know, aside from the lockdown with, you know, covid, um they actually had curfews for all of us to get into the houses by like eight PM
people.
Yeah. They were driving around in u haul trucks um with people just in the back of them and then they were going to walmart to targets too AutoZone. I don't know why, but they were going to all these different stores and they were busting the windows, breaking in, stealing everything. Running out food. Oh my God. It was it was scary. I mean stores were shutting down. Like even grocery stores are like we're closing it for today, Sorry? Um Yeah,
it
was
No,
we
me
too.
Me too. I mean then that video is all over, I mean everywhere, you know, you saw the whole eight minutes, seven minutes of it and I'm like this guy's begging for his life. and I mean there was just no care except for the people that were video recording and but clearly you know they were trying to obey, obey the law. You know and not mm you know go and over stop a cop thinking
no best and protect but obviously not
settle.
It's
an american to
us. Why?
it's
a hard, yeah, that's a hard situation to begin to make that kind of decision. I mean especially when it's a stranger, right? I mean, you know it's you still you don't want that to happen to anybody at all but you have to think about yourself at the same time and it's just it's it's scary, you know not all bad cops but you know it's the same thing with people but you know not all people are are bad people. It's just it's the life we live.
I mean,
that's the
what?
Great.
So
far.
No,
it's not. It absolutely is not. Okay. I
agree with you 100%. But
What?
Okay. And that's fine. And like me on the, you know, the other spectrum, like, I honestly don't know what I mean. I know I stand for good things, right? But like, I don't even know like do I side more democrat? Do I side republic? I don't know. You know, I mean, I'm still, I sometimes when I think about that, I don't feel educated like with enough information to be like, oh yeah, this is what I am or this is, you know, so a lot of times I feel like I'm like middle of the road, you know, and I just, you know, there's things that I support, there's things that I don't, but I mean everybody's entitled to what they believe. And I don't feel like anybody should judge somebody based on, you know, what they feel is right or wrong. You know, you basically, whether or not they're a good person and you know, that's all you can do.
I'm sure, I'm sure you are, but I know this is only a 25 minute conversation, but
so
that's,
yeah, that's amazing that I come from a, I am an only child and my mom, but my grandma had, oh my God, She had two boys and eight girls. Yeah. Yeah. So, uh, I have a very big like pool of cousins and you know, answer.
Yeah, exactly. So even though I'm an only child, I at least have that, you know, larger family because of that. So
were raised like, um, but it's just, I mean, it's, they're all in Wisconsin. So I try and see him whenever I get an opportunity to drive, you know, it's only like three hours away. But um, I got my mom here in Illinois and a couple other ants. But yeah, I've
got,
yeah, I did born and raised. Yeah. Yeah.
My
mom
was too. I do, I do. I well, okay, I did when I was younger now that I'm older, um Illinois is very bad with taxes and just, oh my God, like what they charge on your house for. Um, you know that your taxes every year, it's absolutely insane. It is unlike any other state that I've ever heard of. Um, they really couch their prices. That's for sure.
Yeah. So a lot of people over the years have been leaving the state and moving. I mean, even as close as like indiana or Ohio or Wisconsin the surrounding states because I mean you can save a ton of money just by living outside of the state of Illinois, but
think whenever
I actually,
Small
houses.
Mine's
8000. Yeah,
And
I don't,
yeah, I don't live in a mansion or anything. It's a, you know, three, that's all, nothing, nothing fancy, nothing too huge. But it's, that's, it's ridiculous what they charge you.
no
or
no,
no.
exactly. I'm lucky to get a little, you know, a little something to be able to splurge and you know.
Of course. Uh huh
After
all.
absolutely.
jeez well, well
it
45
min. You
too and it was a pleasure talking to you. What was your name?
Raylene Candy.
to meet you too. It was great talking to you and hey, I wish you the best in Utah. I hope things get better and everyone, you know, and your close circle stays safe and healthy.
I will, I will
take