Hi.
Good.
Get any instructions either besides just talk. Uh huh.
Yeah.
What do you think that this covid thing,
what do you think of them opening? Do you think you guys are ready?
I, yeah, I'm in Utah and we never really, really shut down, but they've kind of open, you know, they sort of have
asked it a little bit and, and we're in one of those states that's going way up and it's pretty scary. We've been home
For since like March eight. We literally have gone to the grocery store and that's it. And I have not eaten a meal from anywhere else. I've cooked everything. I am really tired of cooking. Yeah. I mean
I like
to cook, but not that much.
Right.
Especially our county, I lived in the Salt Lake City area and we're the hotspot
in the, in
the state
because we're the largest city. Not that it's huge, but you know, not like Chicago or anything, but you know, um yeah, and we have a
lot
because of the mormon Church. I'm not mormon, but
they've had a lot of foreign, they've had missionaries
coming back from
other foreign countries when Covid hit. So we've had an influx of people from
all over and they just didn't
do a good job of containing anything. My son is in a metal band that was touring europe, right? When everything hit. And three of his bandmates got Covid.
And
I'm lucky he's fine because he was a Type one diabetic. And thank God. So he was quarantined for almost a month because he
kept having things happen thinking, oh, no, maybe I have this, but he's good now. Thank God. Yeah. Yeah,
I'm sorry.
My step sons best friend's mom just died too. And, and he had to make the decision. He's only like 20. Gosh, how old is, is Trevor? 27 or 28? And he had to decide on
his
own whether
to take her off life support, and and it was
just wrenching for this kid, you know, and but he knew that her quality of life would suck, so,
I'm
sorry again, Oh, what?
I know you're
and you think, oh, I'll grow up and life will be wonderful. Mhm.
Heck yeah, I
I had a pretty pretty childhood and I still think I'd rather be a kid, I think. Uh
Yeah.
Yeah, well in life, I mean, honestly, when I'm quite a bit older than you, I'm sure
I grew up in like the 60s and 70s, I was born in early 60s, so life was was easier and when I first got married It was just so much easier than my kids and and kids your age have to deal with stuff. I think. I mean, I don't know your age, but you know, I have stepped kids from 43 down to 20.
Yeah. I figured you were kind of right in there. My my oldest son is 30, just turned 30. So yeah. So you know, it's like, I, I sometimes think, Oh, I'm sorry we've done this to your world. Although I thought we're changing things and it sucks. I'm so sorry.
Well, I don't think it's any individual, but I think that we've made choices along the way to ignore stuff
that is now just coming to a head and so we get to deal with it now, not just covid
everything, everything is
just, you know, but I hope it will get better there. I just keep holding onto the hope that it can get better. We can
we can rework stuff and yeah, we'll do you like what you do from, I mean, I know you don't normally work from home, but do you like what you do?
Come
come by in a few minutes when you're ready. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, I know, I mean, I keep thinking all these people with little kids
that are having
their thinking, will they ever go back to school? Oh, like one of my, one of my good friends has four kids at home and she's
16, is the oldest and she's just like going on, I am, you know, I look like hell warmed over every day. I'm exhausted. I I feel like stabbing someone in the eye, you know, she's so frustrated and I think, oh, I'm glad my kids are all grown. Oh my goodness. Yeah,
Yeah. And working from home, kim
has its perks, I I'm not working right now,
but I was doing a director of marketing job completely from home, all remotely for years and I understand those challenges trying to get ahold of people or if you have a technical glitch and you just can't
get it figured out and no one's figuring it out, you're just sort of
left for a while and it feels so unproductive to just be sitting there waiting for someone, so yeah, I get it,
know, I mean it's like, are you dying for a drink because I'm not dying for a drink yet,
no, thank
you.
yeah, and go see, sit with friends in your backyard, socially distant and
you know, use the restroom inside, but everyone washed. Well, we've had, we've had kids over two different actually. Just one time I cried
because I hadn't seen my kids since March and it's just too hard,
you know, so a couple of a stepson and my other son and his girlfriend came over and I got all teary. It was embarrassing and like, oh, I'm not usually
this
weird,
but guys, I missed you and I wanted
to hug
him.
Yeah. No hogs. Oh my gosh. Uh I have step grandkids, but none of my, neither of my two sons have grand grandkids yet and I don't know what I'd do if I had grandkids that
I can't kiss and hug and all that. Yeah. So it's
the weirdest world we live in. I don't even know how
to process all of it mostly.
So
It actually it's cold
today,
which
is really weird. Normally we'd be in the 90s 200. But it is, it's like 61 today or something. Yeah.
Oh yeah. It's stormed last night and it got cold, which is kind of a nice break because we were hot here in the summer and really cold in the winter. Kind of like you guys, I mean not as McGee were very dry, but we were, we get over 100 and 105 in the summer. Not always, but just that's our high time. And in the in the winter, you know, freaking miserable cold and snow. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah.
I
don't,
it's beautiful if you could overcome. It's really, really beautiful. Really? It is. I I I've never lived
anywhere
as
pretty as here.
I'm from
Idaho, which kind of sucks. Um It's not my favorite that's really
frozen tundra cold, miserable. So yeah, but
it's really pretty here. We can we 10 minutes away and we're up bike ski areas. We could be at ski resorts in 10 minutes from right where I live and at hiking in the mountains, streams, seeing moose and
all of that.
It's really quite lovely. Yeah.
History
y'all are where the history
is. We just, we just have weird
polygamy,
multiple wives
history here. Oh
yeah, but that's, that's not a really great feminist history I'm very proud of. And
I I come from that pioneer weird polygamous stock and all
that's
awful.
No, screw you. Not having any part of it. Yeah,
it's 4
14 so
I'm not, it's interesting. I had just gotten a job offer to do marketing
from, you know, for a mortgage company, which is what I've done. And they responded it right, when Covid hit. So yeah, So it's sort of like, okay, well, and, and I've been applying
for things, but things are pretty sparse right now. It's weird. So
it's sort of like ho holy crap, I don't know what we're gonna do and we can't really move easily during this. It's
if we have to, its people
in a bind. So I don't know, we're just
sort of
go ahead.
Oh, it will. But but you know, I don't know. I'm we'll see what happens. Savings only lasts a little while. Yeah.
Well
clicks
gig
click CIA
It would, I can't believe they sent such
piddly little miserable checks to people and huge amounts to corporation. It takes me off. But
10% of it will go to UPid Ling's your little pieces of crap down there. Yeah.
It
was surprising. I was actually quite pleased that there were such protests because because we're pretty
white bread here and I'm happy to see people caring
that they care.
because the mormon Church which runs this state is very racist and has a really racist history, but people are saying hell no, this is not okay. I mean the first day that we had protests, they, some guy
showed up right in the middle of peaceful protesting and took a bow and arrow out of his car and aimed at people. So people like descended on him beat the shit out of him and started his car on fire, which I thought
fair game you deserved it. The shit Yeah,
they're still going
on though, protests have been going on every day here, smaller and smaller, but they're still going on. So
us
too,
see we had
protesters
but we didn't have rioting like that. I mean they did turn over a couple of cop cars and set them on fire, but that was pretty much the extent they were pretty peaceful here, but our cops weren't like inciting the protests like we saw in other places and not that I'm not, not that
I think all
cops did that, but I do think it was, you know, pretty bad for and I understand why people are pissed, I do get
why
they're pissed. Yeah.
I know,
I
know, I mean what would you do in that
situation
now?
It's like you know that they would tase you or choke you and yet you don't want to sit by and let someone be killed. It's oh it's
horrible.
Have
you seen, I've seen a mean that said something
about if we had the same attitude, I think it was chris rock that said this in a stand up thing. If we had the same attitude about airline pilots and
we said, well not all airline pilots are bad, just a few of them fly into mountains, would would be okay with that. No,
we would not. And I mean, don't we expect the kind of professionalism from ourselves
as we should cops. I
mean that for me is it's
just not ok in any way
the
when I'm a flaming liberal, so you know, I just am I after growing up in such conservative life, it's like, okay, I woke up, I'm not, I don't need someone else to decide that kind of stuff for me. Thanks. So, flaming feminists
flaming liberal, That's just who I am.
I hope I'm a good person, I try to be,
Well, you know, I have to
to a live Children and 10 alive step Children, that that's a pretty good track record so
we've got a dozen between us so.
that's fun.
You see the catholic background mr grandma catholic. Yeah.
Did you
grow up in Illinois?
Do you
love
it?
that stinks.
I seem to remember
I worked in
mortgages and so I had to look at you know different, we were expanding from Utah and now the place I worked at as in every state where licensed nationwide so I had to look at all those kinds of things because I write blog posts on each state and I seem to remember Illinois was pretty high for property taxes. Yeah, I mean my property tax for my
house is
like 2200 a year, you
know,
my gosh, that's like a house payment every
month.
I did,
And you probably don't get
what you want back on
your taxes, right? No
value
for what you pay. Yeah.
And if you don't have kids to a lot of that money is supposed to be for education and it's thanks for someone who doesn't have anyone in the school system. I mean you want you want all your neighbors to be educated. I mean I get that.
It would
be awful if
you had people who can't read and which
maybe we, we probably do have neighbors like that. But yeah, yep.
my
gosh, we've
been 25
minutes. Woo. I'm so grateful that you're such a sweetheart.
Really lean. What's your name?
Yes. Candy. Good to meet you. Nothing.
You to stay healthy
Can
be.