SPEAKER_L: mhm It's eight pm Abraham Lincoln said most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be. Yeah. Mm hmm. Hey, Google set a timer for five minutes, five minutes starting now. Yeah, yeah yeah. Uh huh Hello? Right Oh, I'm sorry. I can't hear or see anything. Uh I can like faintly hear you're trying to speak but I can't see or hear anything from you. No, I can't hear anything. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: um close and try again. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: can you close and try again? Mm Oh boy Oh boy. Uh huh Okay. Mhm Two. No,
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Can you see me now?
SPEAKER_L: I can see you and I can hear you now.
SPEAKER_R: I was sitting there for so long. I was like hello and nothing was happening like oh man
SPEAKER_L: Oh, could you hear me yelling and screaming? Okay. But yeah, you're, you're crystal clear your HD now.
SPEAKER_R: Perfect. That was so weird. I don't know what happened.
SPEAKER_L: Um It could be me. I don't know my internet is getting disconnected soon because um my, I'm just gonna say it. No, I feel like they're listening. I'm a little paranoid, but frontier is like frontiers really shitty and they're up, they're charging me like through the roof so I'm canceling and then switching to the next internet provider that won't burn me.
SPEAKER_R: that makes sense.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Fun question. What's the square root of negative one?
SPEAKER_R: Oh man. I mean it's a paradox kind of, isn't it? Because you can't because it has to be negative one and one, but that's not. Oh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Oh, my brain is malfunctioning. Yeah, it's been a long day. I shouldn't have asked that.
SPEAKER_R: no it's fine. I was thinking like I'm like, oh I was like, well no, I don't. Yeah, I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: So that question was intended to, I guess break the simulation because you're right, it doesn't compute. And I think in my mind like I'm the main character of the world, they're not, they're not real. This isn't real. So like if I can break the computer that's running all of this by asking a complex question, then I can escape this hell.
SPEAKER_R: no, I've had a couple of these surveys already that have been like completely like set up for tickets, not real people on there. Especially that I've been like this, I'm always a little suspicious going into like this is going to be some fake like set up saying
SPEAKER_L: What, where, when and where was that?
SPEAKER_R: uh on political using it. One of the at a different survey where they were talking about how they were going to set me up with a group of people after I answered all these different like accessory questions and I was going through and it's just something felt off the whole time. I was like, these questions are really weird and at the end it was like thank you, there is no group. This whole thing was fake. It's just engage your responses to these different scenarios. That was like, I knew it. It's all fake. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: that's probably why I feel that way. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: there's there's a couple on here that definitely kind of like trick you into thinking is one way it's not so remember when this was first set up because I try to do this before and my partner didn't show up. So at that point I was like, okay, this thing is going to keep doing it and no one shows up. And then it's a test of like whenever I finally say, I don't want to go again, it's like, congratulations, you did this X amount of times. You're a fool.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm No, it's it's all real. Like we're all paid actors and well no, that's what I think about the other person, but everyone, so far it seems to be stop. Um that's my Google assistant telling me that it's been five minutes because yeah, I think I've been, I ghosted or stood up twice where I well, a problem from this. Yeah. From the person not showing up.
SPEAKER_R: you know, I had it happened I think just last week, so disappointed because I was looking forward to go perfect and have done easy peasy. I get there. It's just great all time. But first I had the same thing, but I feel like is it my connection? Am I doing something wrong? And I sat there for five minutes and nothing happened. It was like if it's my connection, then I'm not going to know. But either way, and it turns out that he's never showed up. So I was like, okay, that's kind of setting the seat of like, is it going to be this every time? Is there really ever someone there? Because when it put me in it was like, oh, it's just great. I don't think this doesn't look like an actual program, but
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: then you showed up so
SPEAKER_L: yes, this time it was your connection,
SPEAKER_R: thanks
SPEAKER_L: but,
SPEAKER_R: for him.
SPEAKER_L: but what's, what's with the background? That's a, that's a flower or plant? Um
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. Up here. It's
SPEAKER_L: I'm going
SPEAKER_R: dragon.
SPEAKER_L: to, it's a big dragon. I'm into it. Oh, I see. It kind of,
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: was something
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: I made.
SPEAKER_L: the mouth. So you made that?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it was, it was a poster I had that. I just called it as a child like years and years and years and years ago and I just haven't hung up.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, nice. It's a psychedelic. That's
SPEAKER_R: I've got normal posters and other stuff off to the other side. But that's like, I think the one thing I've got in here that was not just bought,
SPEAKER_L: Mm Nice. Nice. My room is boring as hell. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: it's fine.
SPEAKER_L: But um how are you doing on this almost friday night
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, pretty pretty fine.
SPEAKER_L: if
SPEAKER_R: I had a partner in a school project. Kind of not opt out, but they're having some issues, personal issues apparently. And so I'm not sure where we're standing on that everything's kind of wrapping up school wise. And it's like they just give me things like, hey, I'm having a really bad week, you know, what's up and we have stuff due tomorrow and I was like, okay, so a little anxious, but it'll be fine.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my God, hearing that just triggers me, like, because I used to be in college and like, yeah, group projects are not fun because you're
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: depending on another person. Like your grade is on the line. Also now that like I've graduated speaking from experience, your, your G. P. A. Doesn't matter that much.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, no, I'm in a graduate work. I I graduated last spring for bachelors, I'm going further beyond
SPEAKER_L: Oh, fun. What are you going further into?
SPEAKER_R: art history and creative writing sort of too, but I'm getting my masters in our history and then probably going to get a PhD eventually we'll see.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my goodness. That sounds like fun.
SPEAKER_R: It's a lot,
SPEAKER_L: A lot. Oh no, but like a lot of fun or not fun.
SPEAKER_R: it's a lot of fun and a lot of work, so, you know, it's a, it's good, but it's a lot of stress and writing and just constant everything.
SPEAKER_L: Mm And I guess what causes the stress? Like is it the writing deadlines?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah, a bit of both because the writing I've, I've been writing for like since, I mean high school, so it's like that. I know at least I wait around stuff, It's just getting accustomed to. Each teacher has a different set up where it's like, okay, this is how I want things and some have a lot of rules, some have less rules and then it's deadlines.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm, mm hmm. Yeah, I don't, I don't think I could go back to that. I fully graduated and I don't want to look back. I just wanna, no, but also being an adult and like there's no, there's absolutely no structure. So I think I like, I like the idea of school like you do this. Yeah. Structure.
SPEAKER_R: no, it's yeah, pros and cons.
SPEAKER_L: But also if you don't mind me asking, what will you do after the, the finish line of the agreed.
SPEAKER_R: I'm hoping to become a teacher and hopefully professor at a college eventually. Um and then I want to be working on, I like writing novels and so I'm gonna be working on my own like creative projects. Well, like having a sustainable job.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. And the sustainable job being a professor gotcha
SPEAKER_R: Like you know it a job that people look at it like, oh that's a job and not just I write sometimes.
SPEAKER_L: respectable. I feel like J. K. Rowling actually, I think from the beginning she had a really rocky start a lot of nose and then every powder happened. So don't
SPEAKER_R: No, it's
SPEAKER_L: forget about me when you write your novel, the
SPEAKER_R: that's it.
SPEAKER_L: random guy you video chatted with.
SPEAKER_R: This is this whole thing is really going to turn it around for me. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: But um, so do you enjoy writing like addiction or semi realistic Pistorius?
SPEAKER_R: I like I like fiction a lot. I've never done nonfiction because I'm like, I don't writing by myself that's not that's not interesting. It's more fun to write about like monsters and demons and whatever other stuff. I write a lot of fiction and a lot of I do try to like I like having some stuff that is more realistic where it's like realistic and then like magic fantasy stuff since it's more fun than just straight up here is this complete fiction world, everything is fake. It's all created by me. It's like having people be able to connect to it. Makes it a lot more interesting.
SPEAKER_L: Mm hmm wow. I feel like that's really, it's, you have to have like a special brain for that because like I couldn't imagine like creating a world characters in it, stories behind it and like, yeah, that's a lot of mental work. I feel like I'm more of a consumer. Yeah, I enjoy it more than, yeah, because I imagine it's a lot of work. But also it sounds fun now that I think about it. Like creating a world and making my own, wow. Yeah. But also, wow, that's a lot.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No it's it's not it's a lot of fun. It's also a lot of work that's Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: But I think that's the beauty of it. Like if you really do enjoy it then yeah.
SPEAKER_R: The thing is I can't see myself do anything else. So it's like if I if I have it there is there as well do it.
SPEAKER_L: Mm I can see myself doing pretty much anything. Maybe like a little bit just to try it. Like I could be a chef for a baker. What? Yeah, I don't know about that long term.
SPEAKER_R: That's the thing is that that's not like a quick, I mean it can be depending away writing but like most of time that's it's a big time. Can men over a long time unless you get lucky but that's you can never rely on that.
SPEAKER_L: Mm hmm. Yeah. Um this sounds a bit silly. But I think if I could get paid to like video chat with people, I would do that full time because yeah, it's fun. It's easy. Um, it's, oh, my brain is right. It's, It's 8:00 where I'm from.
SPEAKER_R: Oh man I did seven here so
SPEAKER_L: Oh, nice. That's a good, you still have an hour for three hours. There are plenty of time. But um what was I saying?
SPEAKER_R: Uh You want to get paid to video chat? I agree.
SPEAKER_L: and we're doing that now, like it's happening, it's the future. Like
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: I don't I don't think this would be the case had the world not turned upside down.
SPEAKER_R: no definitely a lot of the stuff definitely it's a lot more popular now. It's it's we're realizing like oh we can do a lot more just from home.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. So all of your learning as a graduate student is done from home now?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah all online classes. Even last spring I had we were meeting up to a point about half of the semester. They shut everything down and we were all just at home.
SPEAKER_L: Oh well that sounds so nice. Back in my days we had to go to a classroom and where I feel like it's a step in the right direction. But also do you feel like you're being cheated in any way or it's better than it's online?
SPEAKER_R: mm I mean it's better in some ways I like it because I can spend a lot more time actually working on homework instead of like driving all the way to school and then driving all the way back and then being on time, it's a lot more of just class is actually from the time it starts, the time it ends and not the kind of thing, it's like okay there's like 15 to 30 minutes beforehand driving and getting to the class and getting set up and then the same thing going back and going back home and all that. Um But it's also nice seeing people in person and like actually being in a classroom with like physical examples, like a lot of problems we've had is just like no whiteboard and so the teacher will just kind of hold him at the camera. It's like sometimes you can see it sometimes you can't but in the long run a lot of the time it's not super important. So the trade off.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm, interesting, wow. And also because it's online, have they changed the structuring of like how much it costs or the classes?
SPEAKER_R: it's just like workload has changed, I think it's a lot less like assignments. So it's like some of the classes, it's just one big final project that you're kind of developing over the whole semester instead of like three short papers and then a big final paper. So.
SPEAKER_L: Fun, fun, fun. Let's not talk about school.
SPEAKER_R: No. What do you what do you do?
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Oh um Also not fun. I working 9-5 and I get paid to touch keyboard professionally. So yeah, I'm a software developer and a small company. Yes. But um so outside of work, what do you like to do for fun?
SPEAKER_R: Uh I mean a lot of stuff, I play a lot of like tabletop, like dungeons, dragons and different games and video games. My friends.
SPEAKER_L: Oh can you explain dungeon dragons to me? It sounds like so much fun but also I'm an outsider, give it to me.
SPEAKER_R: Have you ever played like Skyrim or any video games like that? Where it's like
SPEAKER_L: I love Skyrim,
SPEAKER_R: okay it's uh other friends, it's a lot like Skyrim, it's just you're all creating it together instead of it being like a pre structure and of course this huge open world, but you have the one person which is usually going back to creating worlds. I'm usually one running it because I like creating worlds and set everything up, I'll have everything planned out and then it's all of my friends have, they create their own character um and there's different like, classes and stats and things that go with each character, and then it's I give them different scenarios and like kind of logic puzzles are different like social situations and they have to work their way through it and depending on what they do, I react to their actions and decisions and then that has a cause and effect that leads into a whole narrative storyline. I mean there's there's millions of different ways you can play the game and everyone does it a little different because the rules are very open. And did you can be like, I just don't like I'm not going to use it or like this rule better and you make your own rules. Um of course there's different, there's also different games, dungeons and Dragons Star Finder, Monster of the Week. There's a million different like, rule sets out there and each one is different and unique. Eventually you'll find something that works for you and your group.
SPEAKER_L: So dungeons and Dragons, is that something that's it's a board game? Is it something you can go to walmart and get or it's homemade?
SPEAKER_R: Uh it depends on how you want to play it technically there, you can get like the starter kit, I think like walmart and Target, and we'll have like the normal book and there's all these different, you can buy all these expansion books will be like one for the players, one for the dungeon master who's running the game one that talks about different monsters, one that's different. You
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: can buy like pre made stories and then run those for your friends or you can just find them online for free or just make up your own stuff online. There's different websites that will let you instead of because I mean obviously right now we can't do it in person. So I've been running games online for friends. There's different like websites and applications where you can like draw everything and put pictures in and make it like a virtual tabletop, which means you could use that even pandemic aside to just have a free version of it. Instead of buying all the actual stuff.
SPEAKER_L: mm wow, that sounds so cool. I would love to play one day. So you said that you can play online with friends?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, you have to use like, I mean something like we have right now where you can talk to each other, but we would have a different tab open with like everything like the world I've set up and you can move around and interact with the different enemies. Different ones work better than others. Devout finding which one fits for you.
SPEAKER_L: Got it. Is there anyone that you recommend to play dungeons and dragons online?
SPEAKER_R: Um I like table plop a lot. It's
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Cable plop.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, the name is weird. Um but it's instead of it basically is just a complete black void and you can upload images to it and just create everything you want. And it works. It works. It has the best sort of system of letting multiple people in, and then just kind of being able to control a bunch of different moving pieces, You can control what people see. So if you have like an enemy hiding in the bushes, you can hide it from them until they walk by. So it's not just they see it sitting there and then they can know like, okay, there's a trap ahead.
SPEAKER_L: Oh well that's really neat, wow, I I need friends to play dungeons and dragons like I don't think anyone are interested though.
SPEAKER_R: that's that's the problem. It's it's very much a thinking that you need to know people, which I mean, you can you can go online and find groups and people will like w people online who are always looking for new people. And that's a toss up. Like everything is but eventually we'll get lucky.
SPEAKER_L: Mm Where did you meet your dungeon, your engineers, your dungeon friends?
SPEAKER_R: I've got some of them are friends have had like from childhood and then some of them I met at school through class and they were talking about it most of them they weren't in it before and then I introduced them to it and then now they're off doing their own names. If.
SPEAKER_L: well that's so cool. The birds have learned to fly in Maryland wow I cannot. So can you explain the difference between, so you said you were a dungeon master and then you don't actually play as a dungeon master, you create the story or the players?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'm like the narrator basically but I'm also controlling all the N. P. C. S. And all the enemies. And I'm setting up all the puzzles and I'm describing the world and writing the story as it goes along. So I'm I'm not the characters you each as you're playing a character you'll level up and you get new abilities like in Skyrim and you can upgrade your different points and all that. And then on my end I'm all the voices of all the different people. I'm setting everything up and kind of working with them to create the world. So it's both are important being a dungeon master takes a lot more work usually just because you're every other character they're not playing and set everything up. It's fun. I like it.
SPEAKER_L: wow it sounds like so much fun but also it sounds like a lot of work to the dungeon master. Like is that something you have to prepare beforehand when you play the game or do you do it on the fly?
SPEAKER_R: It depends my style, the perfect blend really is have a general idea set up and then as they're going through kind of work on the fly because if you're like, okay, I have these three rooms and there's a dragon at the end of the room, but they get to the second room and they're like oh we don't want to fight the dragon, they just leave, it's like I'm not going to make you do that. So that has a couple of something totally different. It's just it's a lot of, it takes a lot of practice of just learning how to react and how to be flexible to everyone else's taste because some people are just there to just fight a bunch and then just have like your stats go up. Other people are more interested in the role play aspects like talking and interact with characters. So it's always tailoring it to what your players like and then messing around with like what they actually do and the bad decisions
SPEAKER_L: it sounds
SPEAKER_R: they make,
SPEAKER_L: it sounds like so much fun.
SPEAKER_R: right? It's really good. It's it's had like a bad rap before as being, you know, I mean it was back in its time, it was like nerdy and whatever, but it had a big resurgent recently where it's like kind of more mainstream and it's it's good, there's a lot of different stuff out there now that will help new players and then also people who are looking for groups kind of get together.
SPEAKER_L: Mm hmm. Well I'm I'm excited for it
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's
SPEAKER_L: so.
SPEAKER_R: a good way to spend time outside of just the normal workday.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm So question for you, it sounds like there's a lot involved in the game is One game something that takes 30 minutes. How long does it take to play Dungeons and Dragons
SPEAKER_R: I mean, it depends most, most games you'll meet like at some assigned date, you can do like one shot campaigns where you go there and you play for like an hour or two hours and then like that's the whole thing. Most games will go on for. I have one going right now. That's been going on for almost a year. We meet, yeah, we meet every two weeks when we every other week for about 2.5 to 3 hours a night and then go through. I've had some groups that have met for longer have a groups that meant for less of a group that meets uh every week twice a week. It depends. I know there's some groups that have meetings like over 30 years because it's the same group of friends, they've been playing just the same game forever and ever and ever again. It's all of it is tailored to what you need if you need a group, like we can meet for an hour, that works, like we want to meet for six hours, which is a lot, but I know people who've done that, that also works just how long you can go without, like getting tired.
SPEAKER_L: gotcha. So I guess it's uh continuing off the same storyline and same players like you're coming back to a safe state, if that
SPEAKER_R: Usually,
SPEAKER_L: makes sense.
SPEAKER_R: usually you can have like a base set up, like in, you know, you have your house, your castle or whatever, or you'll have some city that you kind of have a base of operations. Uh and you'll have different, like, you could have different story arcs or one big arc. It all depends on what the players do ultimately, if they go immediately, like, I'm like, Skyrim, if you go and kill all the one immediately, it's like okay, that's the main quest done or you can be like, I'm gonna go to every other side quest first, it's like, it's the length depends on how long they're willing to go on the same path.
SPEAKER_L: Right, wow, neato burrito, that is so cool. Um I'm trying to imagine it now, like the game I would imagine you have to use your imagination because it's not like a video game where you can see things, it's kind of spoken and then you I guess acted out or decide what happens.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and you people, you will use physical like little figurines and stuff. I've never used those because I've bought them, it's a little more old school that and it gets, you can have a whole thing where someone has like all these different pieces that set up into giant castles and cities, it's expensive but you can do it, other people are fine, just be like, I'm just going to say what happens and we just imagine it.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my goodness, I think I've just had a million dollar idea but tell me if also this is already done but like dungeons and dragons, but it's kind of, there's a visual element to it, like it's on the computer, it kind of set up, there's pieces that move, it's realistic.
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: Is
SPEAKER_R: could
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: do that definitely. I mean I don't, it may be a thing somewhere out there, a lot of this stuff out there right now isn't like super duper developed so there's nothing like just awesome, awesome right now. But there's a lot of stuff that's like kind of the middle of the road like this works. This is fine but nothing like super duper realistic yet a lot of it's just very flat and like you can I mean a lot of the ones you can upload your own stuff so it depends on what you have access to. I think uh a program like that would be a big hit.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my goodness. But yeah, someone just needs to develop it and sell it to the masses, revolutionary. Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. People what do you do for fun?
SPEAKER_L: Oh my God, that's uh this question gives me anxiety, What do I do for fun? Uh because most of the time I'm just working away so I think I what try not to watch click bait. Uh huh try
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: not to fall down like Reddit rabbit holes I say that but I do that for fun.
SPEAKER_R: That I mean we all do.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, so I'm glad I'm not alone. Um Yeah read it is big Youtube, there's so much to watch on Youtube, Another rabbit hole that you could fall down into. Um Yeah hanging out with Friends but not as of recently watching shows and movies. Um one that are doing more because of having more time I guess is being out in nature which is always nice. Yeah I need to do that more. Like I'm saying things that sound nice but I should really
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: be doing more.
SPEAKER_R: I mean that that's how it always works.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and yeah riding my bike wind blowing in my face sometimes an insect in my eye. Yeah. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And also I think being creative like making things I feel really good when I do that but when I'm like consuming watching things I'll feel like shit afterwards. Yeah. That's an interesting observation.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I know because I can I'll get away for like I'll watch tv and the public well it's you light yourself like oh well it's a research for writing because like the more you intake the more like I can turn and turn my own ideas about the same time. It's like it's also just being lazy. It's the whole thing up. It's like if I could you know if I could create the time perfect but breaks are important but then it's also the whole thing of it's very easy to fall into. I've just been watching Tv for six hours.
SPEAKER_L: Oh wow, got it. But I like that I'll use that for my brain like it's for research I'm expecting and sometimes I do feel like that like what I'm watching is expanding my mind. So
SPEAKER_R: If you
SPEAKER_L: there's there's a balance
SPEAKER_R: you'll find something eventually that will inspire you in some way. So it's like oh it all works out in the end but in
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: the moment there's a kind of feeling of like I should be doing something. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: Exactly. Um So yeah, that's what I did for fun. Yeah, that question always worries me because I feel like my response isn't going to be that good. It's going to be a mess because yeah, I don't have any like I don't have one strong hobby. I like to dabble in many different things. But um yeah I would say work consumed with my life most
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that makes sense.
SPEAKER_L: but um shouldn't be the case. I don't know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: It depends. I mean you know if you like what you're doing and yes but it's also the whole thing if you want to balance it, but I mean everyone's different so it's like you can't say like everyone should have a perfect balance of work and free time because like, well no, it depends on what you're doing, it depends on how you feel about your work.
SPEAKER_L: Right. That's true. Balance, balance, balance. Yes. But um do do do, it's been 30 minutes. You can call it if you want or we can continue with what seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise. Can you hear my robot speak in the background? You can. Okay so yeah my my robot assistant just said it seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise. So yeah, that's life. Um
SPEAKER_R: It's been listening here.
SPEAKER_L: wow. I'm scared they really have been. But um Yeah, every 30 minutes to an hour I'll get like a motivational quote. Keep going through the day. And that was it.
SPEAKER_R: That's funny like that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. But no I do have this year that they're listening because like when I was talking about no I
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: was talking about edibles, weed cookies and then I see like in the advertisements like CBD oil and all of this nonsense that like I never normally search. Yeah they're listening.
SPEAKER_R: No, I I've got one, I got a friend who has won and we were it was at their house, we were talking about this game and we said something about it and it was but then later that night they were on their computer and they had an ad come up and it was an ad for the game we've been talking about. And it had the words we had said in the ad and we're still
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: not sure if it was just like a complete coincidence or if it was like listening and then turned it into a very specific targeted ad. It was crazy.
SPEAKER_L: That is really creepy. What were the words exactly like?
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I think we're making, we're making fun of it cause it wasn't good. It was a bad game. I think we said like it's undeniably epic. And then later they had an ad for the game and it said this game is undeniably epic. We just sat there were like, this is terrifying.
SPEAKER_L: What? That's insane, wow. That's really cool. But also at the same time. Really creepy.
SPEAKER_R: No, because it's like, it's a moment where like it's fun in the moment, but also I'm like, it's listening. It knows. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: wow. That makes it makes me want to think about the things I want to say before I say them
SPEAKER_R: that's, yeah, it's because I've got mine right over there. So it's like if it's listening and hearing, but
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: who
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: knows
SPEAKER_L: yeah I feel like my overlord has been I've
SPEAKER_R: later.
SPEAKER_L: been good to my overlord so yeah. Wait honestly I don't think I want to give them the benefit of the doubt but like the worst they can do is like advertise. Yeah I don't see anything who do we want to go down this rabbit hole of like what they could be doing with just listening to us. Maybe they could solve crimes. I guess if they hear like a bad thing happening so now we can't commit crimes. I guess
SPEAKER_R: Oh dang, I can't commit crying.
SPEAKER_L: we were joking. It's not
SPEAKER_R: I'm kidding. That's the thing is what it's like on one side, it's like okay I would be nice if like someone broke in and like killed me in my room. It's like if it heard it it's like oh they can trace it back to we had the voice. But it's also what they admit that. Like if they had that would they be willing to come out and be like oh we are listening on you and then here's this evidence. I don't know. It's trippy.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yes it is. It's uh I feel like this is a book this could be a book or a novel.
SPEAKER_R: absolutely. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah maybe it's already written. It kind of reminds me of mm 1941 a little 19 1984. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: it's been
SPEAKER_R: there's
SPEAKER_L: a long day.
SPEAKER_R: there's a lot, there's a lot of like dystopian whatever is with technology listening in there's movies too because I mean
SPEAKER_L: In,
SPEAKER_R: it's you know we're all thinking it.
SPEAKER_L: wow. Yeah. Yeah nothing but good things. It's only been helpful me.
SPEAKER_R: it wasn't like as long as we have nothing to hide it's not an issue.
SPEAKER_L: that's true. But I feel like there's an argument for like um been like my first, there's like a really good video on explaining why it's a bad thing. Like if you have nothing to hide then like what if they got your social security number or stuff like that?
SPEAKER_R: that's true.
SPEAKER_L: But also I feel like that's a bit of a stretch. Yeah. It all comes back to balance in moderation,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I just have to believe that they're not, but they're going to be fine and use it for good and not evil.
SPEAKER_L: wow, ignorance is bliss. I feel like I could have gone on with my day. Like let them listen to me all the time and just be happy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You'll never look at it the same way.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh wow. Yeah the less the more you know the there was like a saying where like the more, you know, No, the more sad you are. It's a red hot chili peppers song. Do you know what I'm talking about?
SPEAKER_R: I think so. I can't remember it either. I know. No, I know, I know the feeling like I know what they're like saying with it.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, but yeah, would I rather be a happy dumb them or an intelligent sad person that knows all of these horrible atrocities going on,
SPEAKER_R: That's that's that's the question. I mean, do you get to choose because like if we're ready at this point we've already we're already on one side.
SPEAKER_L: I I can I can drink, I
SPEAKER_R: that's true. Go
SPEAKER_L: can forget about this.
SPEAKER_R: I can I can make myself go to the other side.
SPEAKER_L: wow. And I like we're saying this jokingly, but I feel like that's a thing like people do that to like forget about something or wow,
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely. That's a very real
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: thing
SPEAKER_L: wow, I think before in my mind like I it was like I don't get it like I don't get why people do that, but now that we're talking about it kind of makes sense, like yeah, there's a lot of I guess shitty things in the world, so if that helps then
SPEAKER_R: then.
SPEAKER_L: good
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's rough out there.
SPEAKER_L: yikes, wow, fun stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. What a great whoever's watching this, I hope you had a great time experiencing.
SPEAKER_L: Honestly, yes, I would enjoy watching this to the person watching this back, wow
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh,
SPEAKER_L: sometimes. Oh what's your name by the way? Nicholas, my name's tim
SPEAKER_R: nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: nice to meet you too, Nicholas. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I don't even think about that usually. What people start with, but whatever. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I think we just do right into um I don't remember heard the simulation. None of this is real,
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: the main main character.
SPEAKER_R: we really cut right to the chase of that one. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: wow,
SPEAKER_R: Um
SPEAKER_L: this was really fun. If you ever play dungeons and dragons and you need a new player, please invite me.
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely. This has been great. I'm so glad it worked out this time. I was so afraid I'm gonna get back. It's like no one was here. I'm like, I can only do this so many times before I just quit.
SPEAKER_L: But also I think they pay you like um you can buy like a Snickers bar with
SPEAKER_R: You get you get a little something like that. That's cool. But it's just a thing of like I'm waiting a tweak to like, oh, maybe now. And it's like I just I just have it be done with it.
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: Move
SPEAKER_L: happened.
SPEAKER_R: on to the next. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: the quote about suffering being the blessing we'll all circle.
SPEAKER_R: Exactly. We have now completed the loop.
SPEAKER_L: But um yeah, I would love to play dungeons dragons with you maybe one day if you play it.
SPEAKER_R: No. Absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: So my Reddit handle is Nube and oh
SPEAKER_R: All right.
SPEAKER_L: actually
SPEAKER_R: Can't please,
SPEAKER_L: oh shit, I'm scared, you can see my shit post.
SPEAKER_R: we'll be fine. I don't I don't judge.
SPEAKER_L: actually yeah, but um so my red handle is N. O. B. L. U. R. K. I. N. G. 500.
SPEAKER_R: Perfect.
SPEAKER_L: So it's new lurking 500.
SPEAKER_R: Cool. I'll find you.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah. This is really fun I think. Don't don't let the other people know this. But yeah this is one of the fun ones, some of them like was with people I didn't really enjoy speaking with her. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Now that's what I was
SPEAKER_L: Stop.
SPEAKER_R: afraid of that too. When I got when I said I was like, if I get someone it's gonna look after all these different field temps. It's gonna be like very boring, bland, whatever. And it's like that we immediately cut into everything is fake and like this is great. This is what I came here for. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh.
SPEAKER_R: Mm hmm.
SPEAKER_L: Oh. Oh boy. Um So I think you can we can disconnect now but I'm just gonna hit the arrow button and continue on with the survey.
SPEAKER_R: Perfect. Uh Yeah, I will see you around later.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. That sounds good. Have a good night.