Okay.
Yeah.
Okay. Can you see me now?
I was sitting there for so long. I was like hello and nothing was happening like oh man
Perfect. That was so weird. I don't know what happened.
that makes sense.
Oh man. I mean it's a paradox kind of, isn't it? Because you can't because it has to be negative one and one, but that's not. Oh
yeah.
no it's fine. I was thinking like I'm like, oh I was like, well no, I don't. Yeah, I don't know.
no, I've had a couple of these surveys already that have been like completely like set up for tickets, not real people on there. Especially that I've been like this, I'm always a little suspicious going into like this is going to be some fake like set up saying
uh on political using it. One of the at a different survey where they were talking about how they were going to set me up with a group of people after I answered all these different like accessory questions and I was going through and it's just something felt off the whole time. I was like, these questions are really weird and at the end it was like thank you, there is no group. This whole thing was fake. It's just engage your responses to these different scenarios. That was like, I knew it. It's all fake. Yeah,
there's there's a couple on here that definitely kind of like trick you into thinking is one way it's not so remember when this was first set up because I try to do this before and my partner didn't show up. So at that point I was like, okay, this thing is going to keep doing it and no one shows up. And then it's a test of like whenever I finally say, I don't want to go again, it's like, congratulations, you did this X amount of times. You're a fool.
you know, I had it happened I think just last week, so disappointed because I was looking forward to go perfect and have done easy peasy. I get there. It's just great all time. But first I had the same thing, but I feel like is it my connection? Am I doing something wrong? And I sat there for five minutes and nothing happened. It was like if it's my connection, then I'm not going to know. But either way, and it turns out that he's never showed up. So I was like, okay, that's kind of setting the seat of like, is it going to be this every time? Is there really ever someone there? Because when it put me in it was like, oh, it's just great. I don't think this doesn't look like an actual program, but
then you showed up so
thanks
for him.
Oh yeah. Up here. It's
dragon.
It
was something
I made.
Yeah, it was, it was a poster I had that. I just called it as a child like years and years and years and years ago and I just haven't hung up.
I've got normal posters and other stuff off to the other side. But that's like, I think the one thing I've got in here that was not just bought,
it's fine.
Yeah, pretty pretty fine.
I had a partner in a school project. Kind of not opt out, but they're having some issues, personal issues apparently. And so I'm not sure where we're standing on that everything's kind of wrapping up school wise. And it's like they just give me things like, hey, I'm having a really bad week, you know, what's up and we have stuff due tomorrow and I was like, okay, so a little anxious, but it'll be fine.
No.
Oh yeah, no, I'm in a graduate work. I I graduated last spring for bachelors, I'm going further beyond
art history and creative writing sort of too, but I'm getting my masters in our history and then probably going to get a PhD eventually we'll see.
It's a lot,
it's a lot of fun and a lot of work, so, you know, it's a, it's good, but it's a lot of stress and writing and just constant everything.
Mhm. Yeah, a bit of both because the writing I've, I've been writing for like since, I mean high school, so it's like that. I know at least I wait around stuff, It's just getting accustomed to. Each teacher has a different set up where it's like, okay, this is how I want things and some have a lot of rules, some have less rules and then it's deadlines.
no, it's yeah, pros and cons.
I'm hoping to become a teacher and hopefully professor at a college eventually. Um and then I want to be working on, I like writing novels and so I'm gonna be working on my own like creative projects. Well, like having a sustainable job.
Like you know it a job that people look at it like, oh that's a job and not just I write sometimes.
No, it's
that's it.
This is this whole thing is really going to turn it around for me. Okay.
I like I like fiction a lot. I've never done nonfiction because I'm like, I don't writing by myself that's not that's not interesting. It's more fun to write about like monsters and demons and whatever other stuff. I write a lot of fiction and a lot of I do try to like I like having some stuff that is more realistic where it's like realistic and then like magic fantasy stuff since it's more fun than just straight up here is this complete fiction world, everything is fake. It's all created by me. It's like having people be able to connect to it. Makes it a lot more interesting.
Yeah. No it's it's not it's a lot of fun. It's also a lot of work that's Yeah.
The thing is I can't see myself do anything else. So it's like if I if I have it there is there as well do it.
That's the thing is that that's not like a quick, I mean it can be depending away writing but like most of time that's it's a big time. Can men over a long time unless you get lucky but that's you can never rely on that.
Oh man I did seven here so
Uh You want to get paid to video chat? I agree.
No
no definitely a lot of the stuff definitely it's a lot more popular now. It's it's we're realizing like oh we can do a lot more just from home.
Yeah. Yeah all online classes. Even last spring I had we were meeting up to a point about half of the semester. They shut everything down and we were all just at home.
mm I mean it's better in some ways I like it because I can spend a lot more time actually working on homework instead of like driving all the way to school and then driving all the way back and then being on time, it's a lot more of just class is actually from the time it starts, the time it ends and not the kind of thing, it's like okay there's like 15 to 30 minutes beforehand driving and getting to the class and getting set up and then the same thing going back and going back home and all that. Um But it's also nice seeing people in person and like actually being in a classroom with like physical examples, like a lot of problems we've had is just like no whiteboard and so the teacher will just kind of hold him at the camera. It's like sometimes you can see it sometimes you can't but in the long run a lot of the time it's not super important. So the trade off.
it's just like workload has changed, I think it's a lot less like assignments. So it's like some of the classes, it's just one big final project that you're kind of developing over the whole semester instead of like three short papers and then a big final paper. So.
No. What do you what do you do?
Uh I mean a lot of stuff, I play a lot of like tabletop, like dungeons, dragons and different games and video games. My friends.
Have you ever played like Skyrim or any video games like that? Where it's like
okay it's uh other friends, it's a lot like Skyrim, it's just you're all creating it together instead of it being like a pre structure and of course this huge open world, but you have the one person which is usually going back to creating worlds. I'm usually one running it because I like creating worlds and set everything up, I'll have everything planned out and then it's all of my friends have, they create their own character um and there's different like, classes and stats and things that go with each character, and then it's I give them different scenarios and like kind of logic puzzles are different like social situations and they have to work their way through it and depending on what they do, I react to their actions and decisions and then that has a cause and effect that leads into a whole narrative storyline. I mean there's there's millions of different ways you can play the game and everyone does it a little different because the rules are very open. And did you can be like, I just don't like I'm not going to use it or like this rule better and you make your own rules. Um of course there's different, there's also different games, dungeons and Dragons Star Finder, Monster of the Week. There's a million different like, rule sets out there and each one is different and unique. Eventually you'll find something that works for you and your group.
Uh it depends on how you want to play it technically there, you can get like the starter kit, I think like walmart and Target, and we'll have like the normal book and there's all these different, you can buy all these expansion books will be like one for the players, one for the dungeon master who's running the game one that talks about different monsters, one that's different. You
can buy like pre made stories and then run those for your friends or you can just find them online for free or just make up your own stuff online. There's different websites that will let you instead of because I mean obviously right now we can't do it in person. So I've been running games online for friends. There's different like websites and applications where you can like draw everything and put pictures in and make it like a virtual tabletop, which means you could use that even pandemic aside to just have a free version of it. Instead of buying all the actual stuff.
Yeah, you have to use like, I mean something like we have right now where you can talk to each other, but we would have a different tab open with like everything like the world I've set up and you can move around and interact with the different enemies. Different ones work better than others. Devout finding which one fits for you.
Um I like table plop a lot. It's
yeah, the name is weird. Um but it's instead of it basically is just a complete black void and you can upload images to it and just create everything you want. And it works. It works. It has the best sort of system of letting multiple people in, and then just kind of being able to control a bunch of different moving pieces, You can control what people see. So if you have like an enemy hiding in the bushes, you can hide it from them until they walk by. So it's not just they see it sitting there and then they can know like, okay, there's a trap ahead.
that's that's the problem. It's it's very much a thinking that you need to know people, which I mean, you can you can go online and find groups and people will like w people online who are always looking for new people. And that's a toss up. Like everything is but eventually we'll get lucky.
I've got some of them are friends have had like from childhood and then some of them I met at school through class and they were talking about it most of them they weren't in it before and then I introduced them to it and then now they're off doing their own names. If.
Yeah. I'm like the narrator basically but I'm also controlling all the N. P. C. S. And all the enemies. And I'm setting up all the puzzles and I'm describing the world and writing the story as it goes along. So I'm I'm not the characters you each as you're playing a character you'll level up and you get new abilities like in Skyrim and you can upgrade your different points and all that. And then on my end I'm all the voices of all the different people. I'm setting everything up and kind of working with them to create the world. So it's both are important being a dungeon master takes a lot more work usually just because you're every other character they're not playing and set everything up. It's fun. I like it.
It depends my style, the perfect blend really is have a general idea set up and then as they're going through kind of work on the fly because if you're like, okay, I have these three rooms and there's a dragon at the end of the room, but they get to the second room and they're like oh we don't want to fight the dragon, they just leave, it's like I'm not going to make you do that. So that has a couple of something totally different. It's just it's a lot of, it takes a lot of practice of just learning how to react and how to be flexible to everyone else's taste because some people are just there to just fight a bunch and then just have like your stats go up. Other people are more interested in the role play aspects like talking and interact with characters. So it's always tailoring it to what your players like and then messing around with like what they actually do and the bad decisions
they make,
right? It's really good. It's it's had like a bad rap before as being, you know, I mean it was back in its time, it was like nerdy and whatever, but it had a big resurgent recently where it's like kind of more mainstream and it's it's good, there's a lot of different stuff out there now that will help new players and then also people who are looking for groups kind of get together.
Yeah, it's
a good way to spend time outside of just the normal workday.
I mean, it depends most, most games you'll meet like at some assigned date, you can do like one shot campaigns where you go there and you play for like an hour or two hours and then like that's the whole thing. Most games will go on for. I have one going right now. That's been going on for almost a year. We meet, yeah, we meet every two weeks when we every other week for about 2.5 to 3 hours a night and then go through. I've had some groups that have met for longer have a groups that meant for less of a group that meets uh every week twice a week. It depends. I know there's some groups that have meetings like over 30 years because it's the same group of friends, they've been playing just the same game forever and ever and ever again. It's all of it is tailored to what you need if you need a group, like we can meet for an hour, that works, like we want to meet for six hours, which is a lot, but I know people who've done that, that also works just how long you can go without, like getting tired.
Usually,
usually you can have like a base set up, like in, you know, you have your house, your castle or whatever, or you'll have some city that you kind of have a base of operations. Uh and you'll have different, like, you could have different story arcs or one big arc. It all depends on what the players do ultimately, if they go immediately, like, I'm like, Skyrim, if you go and kill all the one immediately, it's like okay, that's the main quest done or you can be like, I'm gonna go to every other side quest first, it's like, it's the length depends on how long they're willing to go on the same path.
Yeah and you people, you will use physical like little figurines and stuff. I've never used those because I've bought them, it's a little more old school that and it gets, you can have a whole thing where someone has like all these different pieces that set up into giant castles and cities, it's expensive but you can do it, other people are fine, just be like, I'm just going to say what happens and we just imagine it.
you
could
do that definitely. I mean I don't, it may be a thing somewhere out there, a lot of this stuff out there right now isn't like super duper developed so there's nothing like just awesome, awesome right now. But there's a lot of stuff that's like kind of the middle of the road like this works. This is fine but nothing like super duper realistic yet a lot of it's just very flat and like you can I mean a lot of the ones you can upload your own stuff so it depends on what you have access to. I think uh a program like that would be a big hit.
Yeah. People what do you do for fun?
Yeah.
That I mean we all do.
But
I mean that that's how it always works.
Yeah.
Yeah I know because I can I'll get away for like I'll watch tv and the public well it's you light yourself like oh well it's a research for writing because like the more you intake the more like I can turn and turn my own ideas about the same time. It's like it's also just being lazy. It's the whole thing up. It's like if I could you know if I could create the time perfect but breaks are important but then it's also the whole thing of it's very easy to fall into. I've just been watching Tv for six hours.
If you
you'll find something eventually that will inspire you in some way. So it's like oh it all works out in the end but in
the moment there's a kind of feeling of like I should be doing something. Yes.
Yeah that makes sense.
It depends. I mean you know if you like what you're doing and yes but it's also the whole thing if you want to balance it, but I mean everyone's different so it's like you can't say like everyone should have a perfect balance of work and free time because like, well no, it depends on what you're doing, it depends on how you feel about your work.
It's been listening here.
That's funny like that.
it
No, I I've got one, I got a friend who has won and we were it was at their house, we were talking about this game and we said something about it and it was but then later that night they were on their computer and they had an ad come up and it was an ad for the game we've been talking about. And it had the words we had said in the ad and we're still
not sure if it was just like a complete coincidence or if it was like listening and then turned it into a very specific targeted ad. It was crazy.
Oh, I think we're making, we're making fun of it cause it wasn't good. It was a bad game. I think we said like it's undeniably epic. And then later they had an ad for the game and it said this game is undeniably epic. We just sat there were like, this is terrifying.
No, because it's like, it's a moment where like it's fun in the moment, but also I'm like, it's listening. It knows. Yeah,
that's, yeah, it's because I've got mine right over there. So it's like if it's listening and hearing, but
who
knows
later.
Oh dang, I can't commit crying.
I'm kidding. That's the thing is what it's like on one side, it's like okay I would be nice if like someone broke in and like killed me in my room. It's like if it heard it it's like oh they can trace it back to we had the voice. But it's also what they admit that. Like if they had that would they be willing to come out and be like oh we are listening on you and then here's this evidence. I don't know. It's trippy.
absolutely. Yeah.
No,
there's
there's a lot, there's a lot of like dystopian whatever is with technology listening in there's movies too because I mean
it's you know we're all thinking it.
it wasn't like as long as we have nothing to hide it's not an issue.
that's true.
Yeah. I just have to believe that they're not, but they're going to be fine and use it for good and not evil.
Yeah. You'll never look at it the same way.
I think so. I can't remember it either. I know. No, I know, I know the feeling like I know what they're like saying with it.
That's that's that's the question. I mean, do you get to choose because like if we're ready at this point we've already we're already on one side.
that's true. Go
I can I can make myself go to the other side.
Absolutely. That's a very real
thing
then.
Yeah, it's rough out there.
Yeah. What a great whoever's watching this, I hope you had a great time experiencing.
Uh huh,
nice to meet you.
I don't even think about that usually. What people start with, but whatever. Yeah,
No,
we
we really cut right to the chase of that one. Yeah.
Um
Absolutely. This has been great. I'm so glad it worked out this time. I was so afraid I'm gonna get back. It's like no one was here. I'm like, I can only do this so many times before I just quit.
You get you get a little something like that. That's cool. But it's just a thing of like I'm waiting a tweak to like, oh, maybe now. And it's like I just I just have it be done with it.
Move
on to the next. Uh huh.
Exactly. We have now completed the loop.
No. Absolutely.
All right.
Can't please,
we'll be fine. I don't I don't judge.
Perfect.
Cool. I'll find you.
Now that's what I was
afraid of that too. When I got when I said I was like, if I get someone it's gonna look after all these different field temps. It's gonna be like very boring, bland, whatever. And it's like that we immediately cut into everything is fake and like this is great. This is what I came here for. Yeah.
Mm hmm.
Perfect. Uh Yeah, I will see you around later.