mhm It's eight pm Abraham Lincoln said most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be. Yeah. Mm hmm. Hey, Google set a timer for five minutes, five minutes starting now. Yeah, yeah yeah. Uh huh Hello? Right Oh, I'm sorry. I can't hear or see anything. Uh I can like faintly hear you're trying to speak but I can't see or hear anything from you. No, I can't hear anything. Yeah
um close and try again. Yeah,
can you close and try again? Mm Oh boy Oh boy. Uh huh Okay. Mhm Two. No,
I can see you and I can hear you now.
Oh, could you hear me yelling and screaming? Okay. But yeah, you're, you're crystal clear your HD now.
Um It could be me. I don't know my internet is getting disconnected soon because um my, I'm just gonna say it. No, I feel like they're listening. I'm a little paranoid, but frontier is like frontiers really shitty and they're up, they're charging me like through the roof so I'm canceling and then switching to the next internet provider that won't burn me.
Yeah. Fun question. What's the square root of negative one?
Yeah.
Okay. Oh, my brain is malfunctioning. Yeah, it's been a long day. I shouldn't have asked that.
So that question was intended to, I guess break the simulation because you're right, it doesn't compute. And I think in my mind like I'm the main character of the world, they're not, they're not real. This isn't real. So like if I can break the computer that's running all of this by asking a complex question, then I can escape this hell.
What, where, when and where was that?
that's probably why I feel that way. Yeah.
Mhm No, it's it's all real. Like we're all paid actors and well no, that's what I think about the other person, but everyone, so far it seems to be stop. Um that's my Google assistant telling me that it's been five minutes because yeah, I think I've been, I ghosted or stood up twice where I well, a problem from this. Yeah. From the person not showing up.
Well,
yes, this time it was your connection,
but,
but what's, what's with the background? That's a, that's a flower or plant? Um
I'm going
to, it's a big dragon. I'm into it. Oh, I see. It kind of,
that's
like
the mouth. So you made that?
Oh, nice. It's a psychedelic. That's
Mm Nice. Nice. My room is boring as hell. Mhm.
But um how are you doing on this almost friday night
if
Oh my God, hearing that just triggers me, like, because I used to be in college and like, yeah, group projects are not fun because you're
depending on another person. Like your grade is on the line. Also now that like I've graduated speaking from experience, your, your G. P. A. Doesn't matter that much.
Oh, fun. What are you going further into?
Oh my goodness. That sounds like fun.
A lot. Oh no, but like a lot of fun or not fun.
Mm And I guess what causes the stress? Like is it the writing deadlines?
Mhm, mm hmm. Yeah, I don't, I don't think I could go back to that. I fully graduated and I don't want to look back. I just wanna, no, but also being an adult and like there's no, there's absolutely no structure. So I think I like, I like the idea of school like you do this. Yeah. Structure.
But also if you don't mind me asking, what will you do after the, the finish line of the agreed.
Mhm. And the sustainable job being a professor gotcha
respectable. I feel like J. K. Rowling actually, I think from the beginning she had a really rocky start a lot of nose and then every powder happened. So don't
forget about me when you write your novel, the
random guy you video chatted with.
But um, so do you enjoy writing like addiction or semi realistic Pistorius?
Mm hmm wow. I feel like that's really, it's, you have to have like a special brain for that because like I couldn't imagine like creating a world characters in it, stories behind it and like, yeah, that's a lot of mental work. I feel like I'm more of a consumer. Yeah, I enjoy it more than, yeah, because I imagine it's a lot of work. But also it sounds fun now that I think about it. Like creating a world and making my own, wow. Yeah. But also, wow, that's a lot.
But I think that's the beauty of it. Like if you really do enjoy it then yeah.
Mm I can see myself doing pretty much anything. Maybe like a little bit just to try it. Like I could be a chef for a baker. What? Yeah, I don't know about that long term.
Mm hmm. Yeah. Um this sounds a bit silly. But I think if I could get paid to like video chat with people, I would do that full time because yeah, it's fun. It's easy. Um, it's, oh, my brain is right. It's, It's 8:00 where I'm from.
Oh, nice. That's a good, you still have an hour for three hours. There are plenty of time. But um what was I saying?
and we're doing that now, like it's happening, it's the future. Like
I don't I don't think this would be the case had the world not turned upside down.
Mhm. So all of your learning as a graduate student is done from home now?
Oh well that sounds so nice. Back in my days we had to go to a classroom and where I feel like it's a step in the right direction. But also do you feel like you're being cheated in any way or it's better than it's online?
Mhm, interesting, wow. And also because it's online, have they changed the structuring of like how much it costs or the classes?
Fun, fun, fun. Let's not talk about school.
Okay. Oh um Also not fun. I working 9-5 and I get paid to touch keyboard professionally. So yeah, I'm a software developer and a small company. Yes. But um so outside of work, what do you like to do for fun?
Oh can you explain dungeon dragons to me? It sounds like so much fun but also I'm an outsider, give it to me.
I love Skyrim,
So dungeons and Dragons, is that something that's it's a board game? Is it something you can go to walmart and get or it's homemade?
All
mm wow, that sounds so cool. I would love to play one day. So you said that you can play online with friends?
Got it. Is there anyone that you recommend to play dungeons and dragons online?
Okay. Cable plop.
Oh well that's really neat, wow, I I need friends to play dungeons and dragons like I don't think anyone are interested though.
Mm Where did you meet your dungeon, your engineers, your dungeon friends?
well that's so cool. The birds have learned to fly in Maryland wow I cannot. So can you explain the difference between, so you said you were a dungeon master and then you don't actually play as a dungeon master, you create the story or the players?
wow it sounds like so much fun but also it sounds like a lot of work to the dungeon master. Like is that something you have to prepare beforehand when you play the game or do you do it on the fly?
it sounds
it sounds like so much fun.
Mm hmm. Well I'm I'm excited for it
so.
Mhm So question for you, it sounds like there's a lot involved in the game is One game something that takes 30 minutes. How long does it take to play Dungeons and Dragons
gotcha. So I guess it's uh continuing off the same storyline and same players like you're coming back to a safe state, if that
makes sense.
Right, wow, neato burrito, that is so cool. Um I'm trying to imagine it now, like the game I would imagine you have to use your imagination because it's not like a video game where you can see things, it's kind of spoken and then you I guess acted out or decide what happens.
Oh my goodness, I think I've just had a million dollar idea but tell me if also this is already done but like dungeons and dragons, but it's kind of, there's a visual element to it, like it's on the computer, it kind of set up, there's pieces that move, it's realistic.
Is
that
Oh my goodness. But yeah, someone just needs to develop it and sell it to the masses, revolutionary. Uh huh
Oh my God, that's uh this question gives me anxiety, What do I do for fun? Uh because most of the time I'm just working away so I think I what try not to watch click bait. Uh huh try
not to fall down like Reddit rabbit holes I say that but I do that for fun.
Okay, so I'm glad I'm not alone. Um Yeah read it is big Youtube, there's so much to watch on Youtube, Another rabbit hole that you could fall down into. Um Yeah hanging out with Friends but not as of recently watching shows and movies. Um one that are doing more because of having more time I guess is being out in nature which is always nice. Yeah I need to do that more. Like I'm saying things that sound nice but I should really
be doing more.
Yeah and yeah riding my bike wind blowing in my face sometimes an insect in my eye. Yeah. Um
And also I think being creative like making things I feel really good when I do that but when I'm like consuming watching things I'll feel like shit afterwards. Yeah. That's an interesting observation.
Oh wow, got it. But I like that I'll use that for my brain like it's for research I'm expecting and sometimes I do feel like that like what I'm watching is expanding my mind. So
there's there's a balance
that's
Exactly. Um So yeah, that's what I did for fun. Yeah, that question always worries me because I feel like my response isn't going to be that good. It's going to be a mess because yeah, I don't have any like I don't have one strong hobby. I like to dabble in many different things. But um yeah I would say work consumed with my life most
but um shouldn't be the case. I don't know. Yeah.
Right. That's true. Balance, balance, balance. Yes. But um do do do, it's been 30 minutes. You can call it if you want or we can continue with what seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise. Can you hear my robot speak in the background? You can. Okay so yeah my my robot assistant just said it seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise. So yeah, that's life. Um
wow. I'm scared they really have been. But um Yeah, every 30 minutes to an hour I'll get like a motivational quote. Keep going through the day. And that was it.
Yeah. But no I do have this year that they're listening because like when I was talking about no I
was talking about edibles, weed cookies and then I see like in the advertisements like CBD oil and all of this nonsense that like I never normally search. Yeah they're listening.
What?
That is really creepy. What were the words exactly like?
What? That's insane, wow. That's really cool. But also at the same time. Really creepy.
wow. That makes it makes me want to think about the things I want to say before I say them
No.
But
yeah I feel like my overlord has been I've
been good to my overlord so yeah. Wait honestly I don't think I want to give them the benefit of the doubt but like the worst they can do is like advertise. Yeah I don't see anything who do we want to go down this rabbit hole of like what they could be doing with just listening to us. Maybe they could solve crimes. I guess if they hear like a bad thing happening so now we can't commit crimes. I guess
we were joking. It's not
Oh yes it is. It's uh I feel like this is a book this could be a book or a novel.
Yeah maybe it's already written. It kind of reminds me of mm 1941 a little 19 1984. Yeah
it's been
a long day.
In,
wow. Yeah. Yeah nothing but good things. It's only been helpful me.
that's true. But I feel like there's an argument for like um been like my first, there's like a really good video on explaining why it's a bad thing. Like if you have nothing to hide then like what if they got your social security number or stuff like that?
But also I feel like that's a bit of a stretch. Yeah. It all comes back to balance in moderation,
wow, ignorance is bliss. I feel like I could have gone on with my day. Like let them listen to me all the time and just be happy.
Uh huh wow. Yeah the less the more you know the there was like a saying where like the more, you know, No, the more sad you are. It's a red hot chili peppers song. Do you know what I'm talking about?
Oh, but yeah, would I rather be a happy dumb them or an intelligent sad person that knows all of these horrible atrocities going on,
I I can I can drink, I
can forget about this.
wow. And I like we're saying this jokingly, but I feel like that's a thing like people do that to like forget about something or wow,
but
wow, I think before in my mind like I it was like I don't get it like I don't get why people do that, but now that we're talking about it kind of makes sense, like yeah, there's a lot of I guess shitty things in the world, so if that helps then
good
yikes, wow, fun stuff.
Honestly, yes, I would enjoy watching this to the person watching this back, wow
sometimes. Oh what's your name by the way? Nicholas, my name's tim
nice to meet you too, Nicholas. Mhm.
I think we just do right into um I don't remember heard the simulation. None of this is real,
I'm
the main main character.
wow,
this was really fun. If you ever play dungeons and dragons and you need a new player, please invite me.
But also I think they pay you like um you can buy like a Snickers bar with
it
happened.
the quote about suffering being the blessing we'll all circle.
But um yeah, I would love to play dungeons dragons with you maybe one day if you play it.
So my Reddit handle is Nube and oh
actually
oh shit, I'm scared, you can see my shit post.
actually yeah, but um so my red handle is N. O. B. L. U. R. K. I. N. G. 500.
So it's new lurking 500.
Uh huh. Yeah. This is really fun I think. Don't don't let the other people know this. But yeah this is one of the fun ones, some of them like was with people I didn't really enjoy speaking with her. Yeah.
Stop.
Uh.
Oh. Oh boy. Um So I think you can we can disconnect now but I'm just gonna hit the arrow button and continue on with the survey.
Okay. That sounds good. Have a good night.