SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Mhm, mm. Mhm. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Hold up, hold up. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Uh huh. Hello?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. How's it going? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Not too bad. I hope I didn't close anything. Uh Here we are. Uh busy days, sorry, a little late
SPEAKER_L: that's okay.
SPEAKER_R: washing. So
SPEAKER_L: Where
SPEAKER_R: where are you from?
SPEAKER_L: am I from California?
SPEAKER_R: Oh wow. Then then you're in the part of the day. I'm surprised you can make this call
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Where are you?
SPEAKER_R: new york. So
SPEAKER_L: My sister lives in new york,
SPEAKER_R: uh so she should know that what the sun is setting right about now and getting kind of late. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, she lives in Brooklyn.
SPEAKER_R: the same here I live. I live, I live in pensioners but. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. How's your day been?
SPEAKER_R: Very, very hectic. I think I rent, ran out of the house at 6:30
SPEAKER_L: That's it. Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: And before I knew what I was back at 11. and uh well The thing the thing was I was out back by 11:30 but felt like it was all around Manhattan and it it gives you gives you because right now I'm working from home. But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, me too. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: but you know, you know the feeling when you get a chance to step out and all of a sudden all the places that you normally go to, its for lack of a better word deserted. I mean I walk around Manhattan and usually, you know in places where I go to work shoulder to shoulder and I gotta say, I mean it is it's empty, it's quite literally empty. I mean
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: I was
SPEAKER_L: it's a ghost town. Yeah, It's really weird.
SPEAKER_R: I had this one experience. I was lining up to trader joe's this morning. It's literally when uh under normal circumstances when I went in the after in the afternoon, we're talking about getting in the door and seeing the line right away. You know, the line wraps around the store. It's a sight of all and I walk in this this is going to follow up, wow, this is you get a line, there's there's this as far as anybody walking and when I went all the way up to the person who's actually calling out the numbers for all the lines, I was actually the only one there. And you know, normally I like to do is that they, if they have like 25 counters, they usually have like 20 people working. I counted maybe if I counted correctly it was six. It's
SPEAKER_L: That's really
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: weird. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: we're talking very, very low, very, very low quality of people out there. And I gotta say, even even though, you know, obviously all the conversations, um, if you ever had any of these prior conversations already had like two of these inevitably
SPEAKER_L: the thing that things might like 4th in total.
SPEAKER_R: right and everybody, the conversation and everything conversation right now relates back to covid, right? And
SPEAKER_L: because it's so universal. We're all experiencing it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And I'm, I was just in a, in a talk with my, it was funny, it was talking my neighbor and he has a son that's literally a few months older than mine and they're both in uh they're both going to kindergarten, right? And he he is way more active in the hole. The parent teacher conference thing that I ever ever am or will be. So I almost feel ashamed talking to this guy where he's
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: literally he's doing two things. He's filling me on all the missing information that I could have by going to these meetings and a little bit of shaming me. Because when I honestly, I haven't shown my face in one of these meetings. Right?
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: a lot of work. I'm a teacher.
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: were talking about,
SPEAKER_L: was just I was actually just hired a week ago and I'm teaching third grade. That's why I'm so tired. Uh because I was in a zoom call, like all day today with the kids and
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: it's so much, it
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: can't
SPEAKER_L: so much work.
SPEAKER_R: I can't even imagine it. I look at it and say, you know what? How is it? It's it's really
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I mean I remember my school days, but it's bad enough trying to get Children to focus in on you in a classroom.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: now? I mean forget, forget Children. Have you ever had having a zoom call with 25 adults? I mean
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I had
SPEAKER_L: hate
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: it. Everybody wants to talk.
SPEAKER_R: okay, we're talking about adults now, right. And it
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: is it
SPEAKER_L: such
SPEAKER_R: is laugh,
SPEAKER_L: mess.
SPEAKER_R: it's laughable where you know you're thinking adults, there's one presenter, everybody should get to know. Even with adults, we hardly get our words in edgewise
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: and I'm like no, how are
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: the kids table manages.
SPEAKER_L: so hard. It is so hard. And they're checked out. Obviously I would be checked out too and it's been a lot because I don't like teaching over zoom. I'd rather just pre record lessons and have them complete them at their own pace. But my school is doing like three hours of zoom a day for these kids and that's just
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: too much. They are so tired.
SPEAKER_R: And you know what, I
SPEAKER_L: Eight
SPEAKER_R: would almost say that the zoom aspect if three
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: hours of zoom equals at least a somewhat equivalency classroom instruction time, I can almost
SPEAKER_L: Every.
SPEAKER_R: buy it. But the primaries in those three hours assume you'll be lucky if you went through a third of the curriculum that you immediately go through. Because
SPEAKER_L: We get nothing done
SPEAKER_R: I'm telling you We even
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: even adults struggle to get things done through Zoom. It's only it only works when it's a 1-1. Right.
SPEAKER_L: No it's
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: true. Or like a small group. I can do small groups. It's like five. That's fine. It works. The kids are pretty good at taking turns talking but 20 kids plus I have 28 students and when they're all in a room.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: don't even I don't know how that's possible because the way the way I've known, right, even when I haven't been uh an elementary school kid for decades now, right? Even when I was a kid, even when I was a kid, I remember the smallest class size I've ever been in. Because well
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: we're in the new york city school system, right? So we're packed. You know what the small size I've ever been in was 32 and the large size have been is one of those gym classes where we had 100 and six and I know it's large because remember, you know, we all had to sign the they weren't seats, they were assigned marks on the gym floor that went from a To Dizzy and then it went from 1-5 and we ran out. We're going to uh we'll go like 26 women, 25. That's like a hundreds of my marks were the marks, you know, some of the actually stood out the hallway. So the point here is I concur with you when you were here as a teacher, how how is it, how is it manageable? You could
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: literally
SPEAKER_L: not.
SPEAKER_R: be saying that I just look at this and I was, I was telling, I was telling my my neighbor right? And he's kind of, he senses that and he's like, I want to get my kids into school for that in classroom learning. But I fear here and he kind of agrees with me here. But I feel this is what I fear when, when, when teachers, you know, and I agree with the teachers, you know, for your safety, you kind of kind of look at this and say, how am I supposed to especially I guess maybe kids are a little bit older and you tell what social distances maybe you have a shot. But I told my neighborhood, you and I both have kindergartens, huh? What is social
SPEAKER_L: You know,
SPEAKER_R: business?
SPEAKER_L: social distance, they don't do that.
SPEAKER_R: So I look at and say you can't possibly ask these kids to social distance.
SPEAKER_L: They want
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: to hug, they want to grab you and grab
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: everything. And I mean the kindergartners I've known have like sneezed on me within five minutes of meeting them.
SPEAKER_R: So, I mean, how you can't really social distance from that. Right. So I told
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: such a bummer. And like teachers aren't, we don't want to be teaching online. No. Teacher
SPEAKER_R: grab
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: bar
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: too
SPEAKER_L: wants to do this. It is
SPEAKER_R: precisely.
SPEAKER_L: horrible. I would much rather be in a classroom. I know how to manage a classroom when they're actually there in front of me.
SPEAKER_R: Right. And it is getting to the point where I this is what I fear that you know, most teachers because of the fear of not being able to social distance the kids. Right. You know, making the correct decision here is if you can't social distance and you can't really teach them. Right. So what happens here is I and I had situations like this where if, you know, if the teacher called in sick, right? My entire class was dumped into the cafeteria. Okay? So that, so that a another teacher, you know, some sort of the school assistant can watch over the whole. I feel that's what's going to happen because then you're going to have, you know, not enough students showing up to each class, not of teachers show. And that's why even till this day, I mean for us, school starts in three weeks. I don't know. I only know the room number for my, for my child. I don't know who the um, I have no idea who the teacher is. I have no idea who the classmates are. Nothing. Right? And from what my neighbor told me, nobody knows who the teachers are because they don't have a roster of the teachers available.
SPEAKER_L: No, no. They're still trying to figure out what they're doing. So they're either
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: dropping teachers, hiring new teachers, they're scrambling every district in the country, even if they have a plan is scrambling right now.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Right. And I just looked at this and say, wait, we fucked. This hasn't been ever thought this one through that. I mean, I'm not calling teachers lazy. That's not gonna do
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: what I
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: think.
SPEAKER_L: worry.
SPEAKER_R: But what I'm saying, he was, look every single, I mean, if you can name one instance of where a school reopened and didn't close, I'll be leaving the within the week. I'm not even saying within the first day, because I know a
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: lot of
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: very close within the first day, that'll be a first. And I was looking at it saying that, um, there were a couple of editorials published, I think it was by the Post or by New york Times. And they were saying that if any city could pull it off because the trend that new york city is in right now, where positivity rates are below 1% new york city could pull it off, and I'm going like, wait a second. You're talking about low density areas, suburban areas who can survive the first day. And you're asking the probably that the highest density area and all the United States to try and pull this one off. I'm going like, this is this is a disaster waiting to happen and
SPEAKER_L: it is, there's just, and it's terrifying. And I think this summer should have been spent districts and administration going, there's no way we're gonna be able to return to normal. We need to get our
SPEAKER_R: well,
SPEAKER_L: teachers online curriculum, we need to get them professional development online, but instead they just kind of like, you know, hopes that it would go
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: away.
SPEAKER_R: you. Exactly. And that's just I mean, it's like you're sitting on your hands saying that, well, they spent their resources trying to and I work in the construction profession, right. They spent the reason they spent the resources trying to allocate determine if a room was properly ventilated for Covid. I'm like, wait, I work in this industry. I can't tell. I cannot tell you. I walk into a room and I'll be like, I don't know. I don't care what system you have. All right. I don't know if it's properly wait, what is the proper system? The I don't know. I can't answer those questions. So why do we even bother spending these resources determining if these rules were good when you know full well, nobody could give you a straight answer. This
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: is just it's
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: And I get that
SPEAKER_L: horrible.
SPEAKER_R: and I get that there are no straight answers out there, but it's like, OK, we know there are no straight answers out there. But we spent how many months, you know, between quarantine shutting things down. We spent how many months already And now you're still saying in all that time we couldn't have developed a solution to say, hey, you know what? And and and that's why I'm surprised the contingency plans should have been developed where, you know, like you said, you know, online learning online curriculum, all these things have to be developed. But now, now we're three weeks away, right? And everybody's saying that, well now what's the plan? Let's let's let's try this, let's try this. Go ahead. That's that's what the administration tell everybody. Just go ahead trying is believing us. I'm like, wait, but
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: I could
SPEAKER_L: didn't
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: prepare
SPEAKER_R: record, well the good, you know what, I can record this exact conversation right from another school district playback and that any school districts who opened, I'll play it back to school and then when you close again, I'll be like, God, we are becoming, you know, you know the saying that you don't want to become a statistic, This is exactly what we're doing is
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: exactly what we do.
SPEAKER_L: it has been really disappointing to just watch like the direction of the country and people just denying it and people thinking that it's going to go away and it is so frustrating if we should have been focusing on how we can get students to learn. Because if when we do, if we do open like a soft reopening, having kids come into the schools and like you said, they've closed within a week. If that that's worse for the students. I feel like because then teachers are scrambling to get the curriculum onto
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: online. The kids are like, it's, it's upsetting, you know, to go to school and you meet your teachers and your friends and you're all excited. It's like, no, we can't do that, you're back at home, that's worse.
SPEAKER_R: But see, you know what I think students want is they want routine, right? And
SPEAKER_L: Structure.
SPEAKER_R: there was some sort of Exactly structure was the next without getting too. And it just seems that this blended model, right? We're saying that it even got worse here here. They're saying that uh you know, and this is really, really, really do not understand how the teacher's gonna handle this. Some students will be remote learning and some students will be hybrid, But what I don't get to resist how's this gonna work. So you can tell me a classroom that normally seats 30 students, is this time going to see 10 on monday, And so your kid is supposed to come in on monday and thursday, she's going to come in on uh Tuesday and friday, and another one's going to come in what Wednesday and saturday? And I just actually you a teacher here, so I'm asking perspective how they handle that,
SPEAKER_L: They
SPEAKER_R: also
SPEAKER_L: do, they
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: don't, it sounds great. In theory, they're like, yes, blended learning, it'll be so great. Some of the kids can stay home if they want and some of the kids can or will have them come in on different days and that's just so much to deal with. It is a lot to ask of teachers to be constantly thinking about different groups of students. What are they getting if they're all able to access the materials?
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: It's a mess.
SPEAKER_R: just it just I look at it logistically and more like this can't be done, you know,
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: not only
SPEAKER_L: just can't.
SPEAKER_R: to not only are you talking about, you know, and if you're a teacher right, you look at it saying that I'm teaching, that's and that's really why you get kids into a classroom, because the whole idea is you're doing communal learning Now, how is the communal learning if I teach, because because you're all your attention is on these 10 kids in the classroom right now, so the 20, that's but that's it's their turn to be hybrid, so they're hibernating at home, you what, you're supposed to just ignore them, so you can only attend to them every, you know, three days or something or twice
SPEAKER_L: It's so weird,
SPEAKER_R: I wasn't here,
SPEAKER_L: it doesn't work, it doesn't, and you know, I feel like a lot of the plans that were made by administration whereby people who have never actually set foot in a classroom, so it's
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: like this
SPEAKER_R: I look
SPEAKER_L: doesn't work.
SPEAKER_R: and you know, I look at this and saying that uh since my kids only in kindergarten, right? And I'm going like there is a curriculum, but it's almost like not as you know, you're just supposed to obtain certain metrics, but there isn't like hardcore physical learning, where, you know, once you get in the 1st, 2nd, 3rd grade, there's, you know, you gotta learn, you gotta learn, there's a lesson plan every single week, and I'm like and I'm attuned to this because think about it and you know full well that if you lose a day due to weather or something, that it's very
SPEAKER_L: Thank you,
SPEAKER_R: very hard to make up, but in a situation like this, you're going to lose a ton of days, you're gonna talk about losing more days than you have days to make up, so
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: how's
SPEAKER_L: kindergarten
SPEAKER_R: it gonna look?
SPEAKER_L: is a rough here to have this happen because that is all about just social bonding really. Half of kindergarten is just them being able to be with their peers and learn with their peers, you're learning all the different, you know, phonemes and how to pronounce the letters and the sounds like that's all super important
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: funny that you bring that up because um I don't actually live that far away from the school that my kid goes to and we're walking about by it just yesterday. Um And I was telling my son, you know, what's this place? And he's like, I'm not going back and I'm like, it took it took almost a full two weeks in pre k for him to actually want to go, you know, the first thing you didn't want to write the second day, you know, they're still crying. Every single kid in there is crying, right? And I'm like, God, we're gonna have to repeat this all over again. And now and now it's not now it's gonna be worse because if I send them there, it's gonna be like, mom, dad, you were sending me previously. He would send me to a place where there were other kids my age and I can play with them. Now. You're sending me to the city, you know this six ft away from him, Why are we doing this? I don't really have a good answer for that. Think
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: about you're just selling
SPEAKER_L: I don't either as a teacher, it's really hard for me because it's, my kids are anxious and they're nervous and they're scared and there's really
SPEAKER_R: room.
SPEAKER_L: not much I can do, you can comfort them in person. But it's so different on zoom and it's just hard. I unfortunately I feel like it's it's going to be a lost year in education and
SPEAKER_R: ha ha.
SPEAKER_L: it's going to be rough.
SPEAKER_R: And you know what it's almost like you know what it's it's unfair but it's almost like you were born into the Times here and quite honestly I don't think anybody wanted to go through this. And and uh and honestly when when when my wife when this was blowing up in um uh kind of when china was talking about about it and I have relatives over in china right? And we were talking about it in november of last year of how this is gonna be a repeat of SARS. And I'm like well SARS was big. But then again I never got here. And even then it really didn't on the grand scale of things. He really didn't kill that many people.
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: They only killed a lot of people with great underlying conditions. So I looked at it, I told her, hey, you know what if we have another one of those, it would suck, but it wouldn't shut things down now. You know, you look at that now, everybody's jagged. Now, we look at how we look at stars and go like, well that's considered like a whereas this is like losing a limb, that was like maybe a scratch on the boy. And you're talking about
SPEAKER_L: Paper cut. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: you just put in a retrospective because you're talking about two hours of people dying is a paper card because why we're going to have I don't know where the numbers were closing it. We're closing on a million people because
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: there are
SPEAKER_L: terrifying.
SPEAKER_R: a million people here.
SPEAKER_L: And just the fact that it I think it's the perfect storm in terms of like a virus goes that they've been talking about because it's really infectious. And the legality rate is just perfect where people are able to infect lots and lots of people very quickly but it doesn't kill the host immediately. So It's just it's unlike anything we've ever seen before. It's it's like the 1918 pandemic
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: and it's
SPEAKER_R: you know, I look I look I look at it and say I look at it and say you know what, when you bring up like online learning, it's almost like I get the pandemic has pushed online learning into the forefront where probably nobody really thought about it. But I think, you know, why can't it be an opportunity honestly at this point for us to develop that online correctly, I'm not hoping for a um uh you know, I'm not hoping forever another pandemic like this, but I can't imagine that if you develop a system like this, that should look every every single school district losers school days, the weather, right? That this is something you could just told them on the fly and say, you know what, if you miss a day of curriculum and you cannot tell me that things are not increasingly online nowadays. Right?
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: true.
SPEAKER_R: so it's easier for the kids to make up the lessons especially, you know, as you get further further grades, jesus for kids to make
SPEAKER_L: correct.
SPEAKER_R: up a lesson just by following the lesson plan that was, you know, if they will sit, you go, you go to lesson plan, if the school has been canceled due to inclement weather, there is a lesson plan and you know, there's just so many their benefits here that comes with developing a system and saying that you know what, there are other uses to this system. But now since we don't have that system in place now we're all kind of saying that well and I get this, you know, like I said, my neighbor is trying to send his kids back to school, I'm still, I'm still on the fence about it and I look at him going like, you know what, I don't even live with my parents. My parents live five blocks away from me. They visit the grand. Sure. Uh You know I consider them high risk. I look at my neighbor, I'm going on. Your mother is in the premises. Your mother in law is next to. I'm like, you know what? It's one thing to say. That's why I don't care. He was this all the school officials are saying that well kids won't really be affected that much. I'm like that's besides personal. That's what like the poor uh
SPEAKER_L: I mean some kids will and some kids have died, but it's also
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: they live with grandma grandpa, they
SPEAKER_R: correct,
SPEAKER_L: see their aunts and uncles,
SPEAKER_R: correct? It's almost like wait, it was just supposed to just ignore that part of the conversation and say that well your kid was infected but he turned out flying. But you know he affected half the family. I
SPEAKER_L: But also
SPEAKER_R: hate.
SPEAKER_L: we don't know what it looks like five years down the line, 10 years down the line. And if you are young and your lungs are still developing and all your systems are still developing if you get caught with like a bad case of COVID, because some kids do, most of them are asymptomatic, but some kids have the symptoms. What does that mean for you? Are they going to have health problems down the line? Like I'm very worried about them.
SPEAKER_R: I mean it's like again, you know, not sending the kids to school right now definitely stunts his social development but sending him to right now could God the divorce case scenarios you could die or the the other words the other worst case scenario you could bring him back and I could die or you know somebody else. It's just why are we ignoring that? It's almost like I get it every that's well what that's what ours, who's the Secretary of education? Uh That's that's yeah divorce and that's why she comes out and she says she's all for it for the Children and I'm like wait a second. So if one of your Children brings the virus back to you and you get infected or one of your family member gets infected, that's okay, the Children is fine, so that's okay. I'm like why are we why are we being so short sighted? And don't don't get me saying that. Well if we teach the kids how to social distance in the school do social distance at home, I'm like really? Really? That
SPEAKER_L: no, you're breathing
SPEAKER_R: I was
SPEAKER_L: the same air.
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: school
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: chance. The school chancellor brought that up to us and I'm like wait wait how are we supposed to do this is a home?
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: You gotta
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: be kidding me
SPEAKER_L: it's impossible. I mean, you've seen those stories where one infected person is in a bar and like 90% of
SPEAKER_R: work.
SPEAKER_L: the people at the bar that night get COVID. It's so infectious. It's terrifying. If
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: your kid picks it up at school, your household has it now,
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: there's just no way.
SPEAKER_R: you wanna do you wanna nationwide example. Um Andrew cuomo. Is is the new york city new york state governor chris cuomo is a host on she got infected. He quarantined in his basement. He was doing this show from his basement. All right. He was let me saying that his wife was leaving food from him at the at the top of the doorstep. Right? And
SPEAKER_L: gosh,
SPEAKER_R: you can see if you can see this, you can see a set up and even still his wife and his Children got infected. Like
SPEAKER_L: It's too hard. You can't, if you live in the same household, you have it.
SPEAKER_R: it's actually impossible. I mean look quite honestly you can say you had it your asymptomatic, it did affect you but to say that you don't have it that once once you once you have it even if and that's a terrible thing. Once you have it a symptomatic and you think oh well life could just you know, I could go out there. Well that's where you're wrong. I mean that's where it they absolutely it draws the mind say okay you're asymptomatic now, you go out there and you're thinking everything is fine. Oh God. And you you just and it's not really your intention to do something like that but
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: you don't
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: that's the danger of this pandemic is it can spread like wildfire and people won't even know they have it. So
SPEAKER_R: that that that's
SPEAKER_L: I've been
SPEAKER_R: ultimately
SPEAKER_L: super
SPEAKER_R: republic,
SPEAKER_L: paranoid. I haven't left my place other than like really important things that I need to go and do. But
SPEAKER_R: No, I hear you you can again this this spend the message and you really can't be too careful. But in that spirit of not being too careful, we're now sending people back into crowded places for God sakes, somebody brought it up. Really? Really? Uh well they were trying to use it. Another rain restaurant owners in new york still can't do in your dining, right? But they were pointing to the fact that weight kids are gonna be in school, where are they going to be binding that's indoors and they were using that to further their case. But I was kind of looking at that, I was trying to trying to backtrack and say you know what, that actually goes against your because watch the first case that blows up in a school, you're going to say, well look at that case, so no, no, look, I cannot support indoor dining now at this point and
SPEAKER_L: There's a lot of irony about the administrators and school boards were meeting over zoom to try to push kids coming back in the classroom. I'm
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: you're not even meeting in person.
SPEAKER_R: that, that is the classic, you know, you know what if you think think it's so safe then why don't you go in that room for about power? You come back out here and tell me how it is it just can't believe it you know it's it's
SPEAKER_L: It's a lot, it has been the craziest year because I had just gotten my teaching credential in the spring and halfway through the rest of my student teaching, we had switched online. And it was so just it was a lot. And this summer, I don't know, this whole year has kind of made me really pessimistic about things. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Uh I got all I can say for you is you know keep your head up. I mean we've got some sort of light at the end of the tunnel
SPEAKER_L: definitely.
SPEAKER_R: of, yep I'm sorry I didn't catch your name earlier
SPEAKER_L: Amy.
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry nice to meet you amy
SPEAKER_L: It's nice to meet you, too. I think
SPEAKER_R: Say
SPEAKER_L: we're good
SPEAKER_R: I did
SPEAKER_L: as far as time. Think we've already done 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_R: It was good. It was 15 fast.
SPEAKER_L: It did go by really fast. Thanks for chatting.
SPEAKER_R: no problem. Say howdy assistant for me from Brooklyn
SPEAKER_L: Thanks. Bye.