Yeah, yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Mhm, mm. Mhm. Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah.
Mhm.
Mhm.
Yeah. How's it going? Yeah.
that's okay.
Where
am I from California?
Yeah. Where are you?
My sister lives in new york,
Yeah, she lives in Brooklyn.
Yeah. How's your day been?
That's it. Thanks.
Yeah, me too. Yeah.
it
it's a ghost town. Yeah, It's really weird.
That's really
weird. Yeah.
the thing that things might like 4th in total.
because it's so universal. We're all experiencing it. Yeah.
What?
It's
a lot of work. I'm a teacher.
I
was just I was actually just hired a week ago and I'm teaching third grade. That's why I'm so tired. Uh because I was in a zoom call, like all day today with the kids and
it's so much, it
is
so much work.
Yeah.
I
know.
I
hate
it. Everybody wants to talk.
It's
such
mess.
No
it's
so hard. It is so hard. And they're checked out. Obviously I would be checked out too and it's been a lot because I don't like teaching over zoom. I'd rather just pre record lessons and have them complete them at their own pace. But my school is doing like three hours of zoom a day for these kids and that's just
too much. They are so tired.
Eight
I
Every.
We get nothing done
it.
No it's
true. Or like a small group. I can do small groups. It's like five. That's fine. It works. The kids are pretty good at taking turns talking but 20 kids plus I have 28 students and when they're all in a room.
No.
I
it's
not.
You know,
social distance, they don't do that.
They want
to hug, they want to grab you and grab
everything. And I mean the kindergartners I've known have like sneezed on me within five minutes of meeting them.
It's
such a bummer. And like teachers aren't, we don't want to be teaching online. No. Teacher
I
know
wants to do this. It is
horrible. I would much rather be in a classroom. I know how to manage a classroom when they're actually there in front of me.
No, no. They're still trying to figure out what they're doing. So they're either
dropping teachers, hiring new teachers, they're scrambling every district in the country, even if they have a plan is scrambling right now.
I
don't
worry.
I
know.
it is, there's just, and it's terrifying. And I think this summer should have been spent districts and administration going, there's no way we're gonna be able to return to normal. We need to get our
teachers online curriculum, we need to get them professional development online, but instead they just kind of like, you know, hopes that it would go
away.
No,
it's
horrible.
you
didn't
prepare
I
it has been really disappointing to just watch like the direction of the country and people just denying it and people thinking that it's going to go away and it is so frustrating if we should have been focusing on how we can get students to learn. Because if when we do, if we do open like a soft reopening, having kids come into the schools and like you said, they've closed within a week. If that that's worse for the students. I feel like because then teachers are scrambling to get the curriculum onto
online. The kids are like, it's, it's upsetting, you know, to go to school and you meet your teachers and your friends and you're all excited. It's like, no, we can't do that, you're back at home, that's worse.
Structure.
They
do, they
don't, it sounds great. In theory, they're like, yes, blended learning, it'll be so great. Some of the kids can stay home if they want and some of the kids can or will have them come in on different days and that's just so much to deal with. It is a lot to ask of teachers to be constantly thinking about different groups of students. What are they getting if they're all able to access the materials?
It's a mess.
It
just can't.
It's so weird,
it doesn't work, it doesn't, and you know, I feel like a lot of the plans that were made by administration whereby people who have never actually set foot in a classroom, so it's
like this
doesn't work.
Thank you,
And
kindergarten
is a rough here to have this happen because that is all about just social bonding really. Half of kindergarten is just them being able to be with their peers and learn with their peers, you're learning all the different, you know, phonemes and how to pronounce the letters and the sounds like that's all super important
and
no,
I don't either as a teacher, it's really hard for me because it's, my kids are anxious and they're nervous and they're scared and there's really
not much I can do, you can comfort them in person. But it's so different on zoom and it's just hard. I unfortunately I feel like it's it's going to be a lost year in education and
it's going to be rough.
No.
Paper cut. Uh huh.
It's
terrifying.
And just the fact that it I think it's the perfect storm in terms of like a virus goes that they've been talking about because it's really infectious. And the legality rate is just perfect where people are able to infect lots and lots of people very quickly but it doesn't kill the host immediately. So It's just it's unlike anything we've ever seen before. It's it's like the 1918 pandemic
and it's
It's
true.
correct.
I mean some kids will and some kids have died, but it's also
like
they live with grandma grandpa, they
see their aunts and uncles,
But also
we don't know what it looks like five years down the line, 10 years down the line. And if you are young and your lungs are still developing and all your systems are still developing if you get caught with like a bad case of COVID, because some kids do, most of them are asymptomatic, but some kids have the symptoms. What does that mean for you? Are they going to have health problems down the line? Like I'm very worried about them.
no, you're breathing
the same air.
It's
just
No,
so
it's impossible. I mean, you've seen those stories where one infected person is in a bar and like 90% of
the people at the bar that night get COVID. It's so infectious. It's terrifying. If
your kid picks it up at school, your household has it now,
there's just no way.
gosh,
It's too hard. You can't, if you live in the same household, you have it.
No,
but
that's the danger of this pandemic is it can spread like wildfire and people won't even know they have it. So
I've been
super
paranoid. I haven't left my place other than like really important things that I need to go and do. But
There's a lot of irony about the administrators and school boards were meeting over zoom to try to push kids coming back in the classroom. I'm
like,
you're not even meeting in person.
It's a lot, it has been the craziest year because I had just gotten my teaching credential in the spring and halfway through the rest of my student teaching, we had switched online. And it was so just it was a lot. And this summer, I don't know, this whole year has kind of made me really pessimistic about things. Yeah.
definitely.
Amy.
It's nice to meet you, too. I think
we're good
as far as time. Think we've already done 25 minutes.
It did go by really fast. Thanks for chatting.
Thanks. Bye.