uh my dad create one. Fuck you. Yeah. Mm Yeah, the NFL shop dot com. Yeah. Russian President Vladimir Putin was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. Who this drill was anyone else in the categories? Point every day. The Voice Yeah. Harry. What do you think? We'll take a look at the replay this was discussing and put your religion hacking here Couple things 1st 59 g clearly touches his home. But as he's going down secondly just crosses the ball away. It should have been himself at that point. And guess what's going to happen here? Because the team is already going down to where the rain is going to have to call and Shannon said, you're kidding me to the shepherds get on down. That's not a couple. It's under revealed he was that's where somebody called back. She had a call and you get a call back. I think they got a call back and they had because it was already every, every turnover is reviewable. You're bad. The shepherds came out and all the teams, it comes down to about 10 yard line dancing at the ball in the temporary services. Small back to the talks. Yeah. It's not immediately apparent that it's all right. So you have to kind of work for that little bit. But what terry just said about yourself, that's obvious what that should be on the field. Uh They may not have seen some of the comments that have been put on the field, but but certainly you just talk to them all away like that. It should have picked up on the field of view that they I believe. We all agree that this is his home and now a little birdie said the reason that reverses this is good because all you want is here. How many takes a double take?
you can hear me.
This camera kind of screwed up.
Let's
go.
It's hard on
them.
Yeah, I know you work in the world. Mm hmm. School. Well,
it,
Mm. That's
Okay. I mean, you guys aren't real busy right now. Are you
want to get up?
Indisputable.
That's cool. Yeah.
Yeah. I just, I just moved to Tennessee last week. So now you still yet great.
And today and you're right outside of philadelphia. So
if,
yeah, big difference going from a suburban area to this. There's
nothing around here. I'm not used to that. Yeah. You're
watching the football game.
it
is.
I know.
Yeah. They're not letting anybody in baseball stadiums, are they?
Yeah. Football. They just started letting some people back. Yeah.
So only like 10,000 out of the 70 that holds, but
better than nothing.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. My friend actually just got over it. He had it two weeks ago. He
was quarantined
for 14 days. Shit. So he said it wasn't that bad. So.
Mm.
don't
know. Just sucks with all these stewards with their testing and all the other crap you're going to let you come in. Mhm. Usa anything.
Yeah, that's the way we were M. P. A. Down here. They don't give a shit. Yeah. You weren't going in a freaking gas station or a side story with out of town here. They don't care. I'm not used to that. I'm going to stores with it on. I'm like the only one where and when everyone's looking at me like a fucking psycho, I'm like, well, you know, it ain't like that. Up north of north, you ain't getting in the store without it. Mm hmm.
No,
I don't do it that much anymore. I just, it's getting old. Mm hmm.
Getting
old
and tiresome.
Mm hmm.
Hey, some of your bills.
The
Yeah. The last person I talked to was from florida. She was a schoolteacher. Yeah. See,
Speak. Yeah. I'm not like I'm not even using this. All the schools are open down here. There's, there's not an open, the state I came from. Everything is like computers. Everything is like just totally like nothing happened down here. I'm not used to that. Mhm. Mhm. I mean, there's
not,
I mean
right next to the casino and P A. P. A. They, they had that shot down for four months. I've never seen a casino shut down.
clothes will be
I like to play poker they won't even open a poker rooms yet because you got to sit so many people at the table they won't even open them but just something to pass the time but whatever mm.
We,
All
I
doubt that they probably got so many videos. There's no way they can watch everyone. Uh huh.
Uh
mm That's all now isn't it?
I
mean
Yeah. Yeah I never really follow baseball. Yeah just gets too boring for me. Yeah
that's what I miss I miss Wallace there's no damn Wild was down here. Mr coffee.
Yeah they're all right Jersey now there's this very often around here. Yeah. Mhm
rip. Yeah. Will be 1 28 3. Yeah mm.
Yeah, I almost I almost missed this whole thing. I just, my dog woke me up barking, I just falling asleep like 8:00. Uh huh.
That
we're
here
you want
It's the democrats, they're like they want to republican to go up higher because they're trying to make trump look bad to get him out of the office so it
is they're just going to get him off and blame it on him saying so he won't raise his money to help everybody in America trying to get to the office. Hm I mean that's pretty much all it is, it's not their money. What the hell do they care how much it to sign the damn bill? It's
not
coming
out of pocket.
Yeah. That's what they were saying. There's not even like printing money, it's all electronic now. It's
not even
people
just
giving their money that somebody else's bank account. That's what they were saying on the news when I keep looking at it. Like it's not even their money that I'm like really handing money out there just doing it electronically. But yeah, I mean that's what I was doing whenever given everybody money for unemployment, I was just whatever you give me the money now, they stop, that kind of sucks
people.
slot.
Yeah. They're not open all year around, are they?
Well.
Water down.
What?
Just a warning.
Very
different.
It
is.
Sleep.
It is.
We
get
The
I mean that's everywhere now because nobody wanted to work. When the government was given everybody money, nobody
wanted to get a job. Everyone was like screw it. I'm making more sitting home going to work like
on
fast
food
places. You have to wait
like a half hour to get food.
But
nobody
would work.
Okay.
Right. Mhm. Trust me. I know. I mean they were giving everybody at least 800 hours a week. Just sit home and do nothing.
One.
Including
I see
that.
That's
not right because it's not their fault.
Basically.
What?
Mhm. Yeah. That that that's not right.
Not at all. I'd be really pissed off. But that was me.
For
Please.
Three.
You hear?
Yeah I mean it's just I don't know I think it's all a bunch of crap because obviously the president all them got it. He's supposedly wearing a mess constantly. Mhm. Obviously don't work then it
was going
around
we locked and they're all wearing mess. And what the hell is the point of everybody there got it mm.
Oh yeah because he said he got some kind of experimental medicine he told him to give him this and that yeah whatever
took like a week for him to get better but everybody else has got to be quarantined for two weeks if they did it. Mhm. Right. Yeah. I don't know I just think it's all a bunch of crap but oh
I mean I've been pretty much doing everything normal and I haven't got sick so if you
want.
Yeah that's
what I was saying. Everybody else is like everything else that came around. They didn't shut everything down when Ebola was here. They didn't shut everything down. Swine flu shot nothing down. So what the hell is different about
this? Right
that's what I don't understand but whatever. Yeah. No well here's what can happen.
Mhm.
Yeah I gotta find a damn job down there. I just got down here like a week ago tickets. It's no good chiesa it's not his problem.
14 6.
that was
crazy.
Yes.
mean I guess it's kind of nice to work for a big company like that. You don't have to worry about him going out of business or anything. Yeah.
All
give
me anything
small.
What?
Mhm. Oh
yeah.
huh. Yeah.
Yeah, It's cool.
Book called
Ball.
If
if.
This thing
is here.
It's
me.
it
is.
Yeah. I never really worked for like anybody I like work for. I mean, I would like work for bras and being like self employed so I can pretty much do what I want. I never really got paid by the hour and stuff like that. So
it just sucks kind of now because now I got, you know, uh nothing really
tell
anybody I did. So that kind of work doesn't help me to get a job anywhere else. No. Kind of sucks at that point, but. Mm hmm. Whatever.
What?
Listen,
No.
It's just like Trump, you know, you didn't know 10 casinos and now claim you're bankrupt. He's got money hitting everywhere. The dude ain't bankrupt in the way that dude's broke
like
guys
for I got money in every
country around the world from
people.
that's
what I said. The president really don't do nothing. It's everybody else. You don't really have no say or nothing?
Is everybody else? Congress?
Everybody
else
still?
It's
I mean, I don't really care. Don't really matter to me one way or the other is president.
They don't really know, say overnight in this Congress Senate. Everybody else has got to say over everything.
What?
Why we're getting there. Mm
hmm. It's fine. Bar. He also
Hi
buddy. Oh yeah. Oh man, this sucks. So how long you been doing this on this site? Mhm.
That's a
bit
I think
beef.
couple.
These
What
is
it?
What
is
it?
Yeah. What is them turk like this
Rose?
Is
it?
Actually.
Yeah. I'm gonna have to try to remember,
tried.
this one's cool. That is, they don't have that many owners sometimes
I
think.
Give me anything.
Well.
Well, that's
Yeah. All the sites for some reason don't really give you nothing on the weekends. The
wider,
all the same. It's like during the week, they're out on the weekend, you get like nothing. It's all for some reason. Right.
There's
a lot of them.
it
happens
to me all the time. All the time. All the Time one.
I'm
gonna
look
it up.
This is
I
mean
I mean that's not really not, you know, doing a whole
lot,
you know the computer.
All
Well,
in
this organization
All right. You, too. Uh huh.