You hear me? Yeah
yeah you're not not exactly and there are
no problem, wow, you're doing I almost I'm good. I always uh I live in florida. I worked
in Seaworld,
so I was driving home
and
I forgot I forgot about it and then I signed up to my computer and I was like oh but I hate to forget because it's like the money is great.
it's a
it's a bit of a grind but yeah, I'm in a supervisor and culinary,
they can't. Yeah. Yeah.
No it just like it just seems like
it wasn't today, it's like one day a week it's saturday and you know it's nothing compared to before the pandemic but it's saturday is busy and then the other six or not so much but we get we got kind of abused and I needed some help
and I couldn't get anyone any other units, they send me some people to help. But you know it's all good. I mean the clock still ticks and you go home.
Yeah, awesome, wow.
Yeah. Where'd you move from?
Because I'm
I'm originally from New Jersey.
true.
Yeah. Come on.
No, I kind of like baseball. I watch football. It is it's certainly the whole no fans. It is so strange. Yeah. Sitting there like I'm a big yankee
fan
so they lost earlier. But like like watching these games like where It's like a game five, it's close and there's no one sharing. There's no one screaming.
It's just not the same. There's no pressure whatsoever.
No, not really, no.
Oh that's cool.
That's cool. That's reasonable. Because
you know, because it seems like they are really overreacting to everything.
I
didn't.
It seems it seems like it's it's getting weaker so if you get it it's kind of like it's a cold. A lot
of people probably had it and got rid of it and didn't even know they had it, you
know?
because like I wear you know I have to wear a mask but like every three seconds I'm taking it off.
Uh huh. Yeah. Do you do any do you do surveys on that mturk at all?
No.
I just I I kind
of look for like
the
I look for the I look for like the the better paying ones and I think if he pops up I do it and like there was one for a book just a second ago while I was waiting for 9:00 PM it's pretty easy and I got a buck
Like that, but sometimes I just like I try to make $10 a day. And what's neat about that is like you know then you got like extra 300 bucks, you know to do something with put in the bank or and
and yeah I pay some of your bills and It's just like I definitely, I don't like when I work at zero, I don't want to have a second job. So like to me it's like a second job where I can make like even
from like 200 bucks, that's fine, $200 a month. Something extra gas from my car and want to pay for any money, any money and stuff like that.
Usually whenever I meet to talk to someone store or something and it's always like there's almost no real Floridians, Everyone's from somewhere else most most times.
It
seems that not, not 100% but it seems like it goes along the political line. So like if it's a democratic state, maybe it's more shut down. If it's a Republican state, it's wide open and there's no
problems.
Yeah, I know Vegas shutdown. Yeah, I know that's true.
And then even when they reopen like they have all these restrictions and like if there is like 1/7 seat black blackjack table to only let three people play and Yeah.
Because I I did one of these conversations per
prolific like two days ago and it was cool and I just love getting the $20 and then as soon as I finished it's like the survey was panty ass because it's kind of long, they're probably gonna watch this video but sorry, but it's a pain in the ass. But
I did it, you
know? And and
But then as soon as you're finished, like the survey all of a sudden he goes, do you want to sign up again? I was like, you know, hold myself out. Yeah, I'll do it. What the hell? Mhm.
And and it's 22 because I was driving home, like I was just like so taking my time, I went to Walmart, got a pretzel, And then like I was even thinking about it and like I said a nice sign, and I was like, Oh shit, and I have plenty of time because like it was like 22 9. So I just like I signed on got the link ready and I didn't click on it because it says like don't start before. So I was like okay all these rules, you know? And I started watching um this Game Seven of the Dodgers and the Braves and
yeah, I got it recorded, but like I hit a hit pause
And
I recorded I I watched the race, the race when they won game seven because I'm a yankee fan. So I kind of wanted to raise to lose and also they don't want anyone Houston to win because they screw the Yankees with cheating and all that stuff. So it was kind of like perfectly worked out. So Houston came back that won three games, got the game seven and still lost.
True.
Yeah, because when I lived in Jersey there was really no law was in Jersey, but just when we went down the shore uh Wildwood or something, then you thought you saw them all over the place?
Mhm.
Uh huh.
I was I was just saying like uh would see what I was furloughed for four months and then I finally got called back but like I was really hoping I wouldn't get called back. I just wanted to kind of I wanted to stay out of it. I wanted to hope for more free government money or something and that's what I was just hoping for. Also I remember too, it was like around early june where maybe I was out of work for three months and then they were making like hearing rumblings like oh this is going to open a certain date and uh all the parts are on florida trying to open early june. I was like shit because like at that point it was like we had we had half a march were closed in april may be closed. So like
this is good, like keep it, keep it going, keep it going like that, you know, it's a big problem is keep it close for a while and you know, trying to see what would happen,
you
know? And then of course
the whole bullshit with the government like give people some money, man. I can't and I think this could certainly be no stimulus, but like It should have happened like it should've happened, Jesus on August one, somewhere in Middle August.
know.
Yeah. I know. It just
seems
like
it seems like what does it really matter? It just seems like the print money and this is not backed by anything innocent. Just just print it. Print didn't give us more money.
True.
you're
right. Right. Right. You
don't have to have a bill.
Yeah. Because like at
least like when I was out for four months I got to max out the unemployment money, the fed money, I got all the money And I got the stimulus and there's always some kind of like weird checks you can get. So I got some kind of $2,000 check for like saying I couldn't pay my bills, which is kind of true, kind of kind of a lie. But I got the two grand, I was like Holy Shit, this is amazing. And then run around that time, then I got to see roll call and I was like, oh yeah, I'll come back. And but at the time I was like, come on, I didn't want to come back because it's a grind. We're working at Seaworld or not just Seaworld, just you know, just to get job, job, you know like in culinary
kind of life, like a Mcdonald's manager or Green and Disney They the speech of the dead man, I work about 40, hours and it seems like like 34 of them are comprised in the Friday Saturday and Sunday and then like some bullshit shifts to get to 40 and just like they're just like, they're so, so like relentless about everything. It's like, damn
well
now you see where they were closer for two days a week, which is cool in the beginning, all right, close to two days a week and let's work this out and they're looking pretty good. And then, you know, suddenly like, it doesn't seem like they're making any money, but then now they're going seven days a week through open, seven days a week. I don't know.
But there's like, there's like a lot of like, like
I always like think like the old sixties Vegas
mob stuff where when Vegas random mob, it was cool. Like, you know like
if
you went into a casino, everything was like look really nice. If you went to a little coffee shop maybe didn't make any money but the casino make sure they don't look bad and everything was good. The same thing with culinary and see, well like we're suffering, we can't, we don't have any people to work for us because they can't afford to pay it. But if it just took like the ticket sales of the park and say
like
use
that money and just don't make us look like idiots and and just give us a few more people because if you walk into Disney you're never gonna walk into like a little restaurant and see like
two people running in and that's it. And they're just like, like idiots and they can probably get anything done. They didn't even never see that. But like at Seaworld they just let it they let it go, let it go pretty bad. And it's just like 11 stupid day that one saturday. Just one stupid day. It just like everyone gets killed and can't get any help.
I
don't know. I just I can't I can't let it go. Uh Just it bothers me so
much.
I know.
I
mean because
of it like
all
my
yeah well all
my
bills are current
right now. My bills are never quite been current for a while but now everything is current. I'm not behind it anything and it's because of that that free money mm.
Um
it took me forever to get the money. But I was confident with somehow it work out at some point all of a sudden it just it's just like every
other day we get like a shitload of money in my bank when the first two months I wouldn't I wouldn't get a penny. I was like, I know it's gonna work out. I just, I just picked him like waiting on a super long line at some point it's gonna work out. And sure enough it did and then I got every single penny I was entitled to. And and that stupid phone rang that day. I was down somewhere in the store in florida. I was like, yeah, yeah,
yeah, I'll come back and and I'm lucky too because like from the leaders off, they kind of got everything kept the same, we got our benefits and and a little vacation packages and shit like that. It's pretty cool and anyone below us. So they discussed so screwed because there was a lot of people who were a full time but like position people and they just like rape their positions, they took everything away from them and they made them part time and it's just
now
it's just so
miserable,
you know? Exactly. Not right. I know. I know. I know. And also like maybe like if there was like, say 100 L in the park, like only 45 came back. So there's a bunch, a bunch of good people who didn't get that call Or didn't get, didn't get an email.
I know
a lot of people who said they were like, they got an email, but they didn't see the email and then they had like a 48 hour window and that's it. No job because they didn't answer some stupid email. Yeah.
nope. I know.
But yeah. Yeah.
So I don't know what's going to happen. We'll see no cruises. Don't let them go. I don't know. And I didn't wear a mask it on until they made it a rule then
I wore it. But before then I wouldn't wear it. I wasn't concerned about anything anywhere gloves. People read the gloves and the mask and gloves are bullshit. Because if you're gonna do it right, you wear some gloves. But then you got to change them, wash your hands and change them frequently. But, you know, people just an extension of their hand and they never change them, touch their face all over the place and
it's pointless. But, you know, I don't get involved. You know, start
with the walmart face, you know, You know,
You know,
he
got peak.
And he got better better pretty quick too.
I don't know.
know.
Well,
the thing is to someone, some doctors in California said they don't take into account all the people who didn't get tested actually had Covid got better and didn't die. And when you put those guys into the equation then it's really just like the flu or even less than less than the flu,
you know?
All
Yeah,
mm hmm. You know, eight more minutes and we get the payday. Yeah. Mhm.
Mhm.
Uh huh. I mean,
I remember like when I first got hired by Seaworld, um they have some positions open and a few of them were weren't in culinary, so I was definitely trying not to be in culinary because culinary is like a
it's just it's hard. So there's like a supervisor position for like something called strollers.
So I said, I'll try that. And then uh they look at them in prison and they go, oh, you have so much experience in colour, Why don't you try culinary? So I'm just playing dumb. Oh yeah, sure.
But I was like, you know my mom like fuck, I was like, it's like, it's just like fucking man, it's like, you know, sometimes maybe over over fires all day or filtering fires, changing oil, you know, you never know what's gonna happen in that kind of like work, you know? Yeah.
I don't know. I I kind of I kind of hope see what goes under. Honestly, I hope I hope they do.
But you're right though, I don't I don't think they're going under. And as it turns out when I've been here for like 14 years, so like when when I first got the job of the person with the Florida, I was all gung ho, let me I wanna work for Disney, I want to work for
Disney.
And as it turns out everyone told me like you don't want to work for Disney because it's just like it's it's too big
and you don't get noticed and if anything you know you get picked on easily and you get tired easily. It turned out to see what was the place to be and and at the time it was only like a like uh one year window. But when when the Anheuser Busch owned it,
it was an amazing place to work for it. It was a good money over time, all the time they gave you free beer. It was really really really nice and then you know, he kind of bailed and sold it like it sounds like. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah but
the one thing that everyone enjoys whose full time is the vacation is pretty cool,
You get something like about 30 days a year. So that's pretty cool.
And that and that in those 30 days, you know, you could really easily stretch it into like two months by using your days off and all that kind of stuff. So I super enjoyed that because when I was in Jersey it pretty much just like a manager of Burger King's a bunch of times
and that that's,
that's really like a tough, tough job and
you just get two weeks vacation for
the whole year and that's it. And second
Salary
Bullshit, 50 hour thing
that's like
you get killed. And I don't know somehow that was like what I kind of decided to do as I was growing up and get kind of stuck in it. I
don't
know.
That's cool. Mm hmm.
yeah
because.
You know, okay. Sometimes like what
this the way things are nowadays like so you watch something on tv is like an interview. You know, everyone's at home and then all these celebrities are doing their best to kind of like hide their shit like high. They're all they're really nice expensive shit. So there, so there back shop is always some kind of bullshit. A couple of books like they got nothing going on and they have some some interview. I just find it kind of stupid because I just like, you know, everyone
kind of knows like, you know, if you're tom cruise tom Hanks, you've
got a bunch of money. No big deal. Let's see your house. Let's see what you got going on. What's the big deal?
No, no,
I know about
it now.
Come.
I don't know.
Well, I voted for him. I'm gonna vote for him again because the way I always look at it too, it's where was the president is really the president? Is that the people behind them are really thinking about
it and running things,
George
W
But
like George w didn't do shit. It was dick Cheney the whole time,
or well, you know, it's all right. Certainly. I mean, biden he's always been a career loser. Just like he never you never
can win anything and everything. Everything out of his word as kind of like a whole bunch of times, but I don't know what's it magazine?
It's true. It doesn't it doesn't matter.
Yeah, I just I just one time they at least we'll probably get the house back and then they can kind of work shit shit out, but the whole time and she's like, they're always like blocking
everything and it's like, all right, Whatever. Mhm.
Uh huh. Okay,
Mhm. Let's
go
a prolific I think like about a year I
started
with the amazon mturk and I did a survey somewhere along the line and I said, are you remember prolific? And I was like, oh shit, that sounds kind of reasonable. And I googled prolific, signed
up. I didn't make much of anything like for
a couple of weeks and all of a sudden they started coming in as our school. Well, I just like about it is it's just so if you
make a couple bucks, it's like so easy to do it, your home. You could be doing on your phone, maybe the red light. And it's easy. And also I used to before the pandemic, I would make a shitload of money like at Sea World when I was in a bigger restaurant was so easy kind of duck her in the dining room. I do a couple surveys and make a bunch of money. But the place I met now I can't quite do that because it's like too much of a powder keg is too small. Doesn't work out. But but then of course and then you know it's funny how because I got the pandemic money. There's a point where I was I was always doing service but I kind of like slow down because I had all that extra money. But it's true. I remember with mturk though I made
for April and May made $1200 just from enter 600 a month. Yeah
because I
had
all that free
time and
I didn't
even, I didn't kill myself doing it but just like Found a few things like do you like maybe $20 a day. And I said well it's it's so cool.
You know, it's better than prolific. It's
part of amazon.
It's
um so it's called M. T. U. RK dot com. You
can sign up and usually within 24 hours you'll have an account and like you can find surveys like you make a couple bucks here and there and also what's kind of cool. But I'm turkeys like um everyone, they have what's called batch work. So like maybe as you're going along, you find some kind of audio thing to listen to and it will pay you like maybe 50 cents or 60 cents but you can do 60 of them. And then so over like maybe like five hours you can make about 30, $40.
You definitely
sign up because I would say no and turk is better than prolific. Yeah,
it's true that
it's
like dead.
it's it's hit or miss. And also you never get to see anything popped up and then you get it with with amazon, they're there for you to click on and it's kind of thing. What it does is like it,
the more they call it hits human intelligent tasks, something like the stand or something. I can't remember this, but the more hits you do, then it opens up more potential survey so you can find to do And
they have a rate and they have like a rating system. We just want to keep your rating like in the 95% or above and you'll find a whole bunch of stuff here and there. It's usually kind of like weekdays you'll find decent amount of money on the weekend. Not so much.
it's
like,
I joined a couple like what I call the bullshit ones like where it's like, it's not it's not prolific, it's on amazon, but just like the shitty surveys And I make a couple bucks with them.
But
the thing about them is that you know, they rape you, like you're going for like a half an hour, the Holy Shit and then something you get nothing like you weren't, you know, didn't fit their whatever, but you spent 30 minutes
on and just
everything.
That's why I recommend signing fram turk and a lot of people don't know about what's really cool. Then it helps people like us to find more shit more surveys to do. And
it's
pretty
neat,
pretty neat, pretty neat and it goes right to your bank account. It goes like every three days you get money in your bank account. Yeah, but I made like 66,500 bucks. And I so it's been two complete years. There may be something like 30, 3
grand or so among a year. Uh
Let's
see.
And
you
know, and it's you know, low tech. I'm not really, you know, it doesn't cost much time. So we made our 25 minutes. So we're good,
good talking
to
you.
I take care.
Bye.