mm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Good
afternoon. How
are you?
Nice to meet you. My name is hank fan. You can give me the from, sorry,
my internet is a little bit slow because
I'm now I'm connected to the RCMP so I don't have a stable connection a little bit. We can't let me.
I'm
working right now so I'm not able to connect with the company internet. You know, I don't want them to do so
I connect to the cell phone fuzzy so you gotta slow a little bit.
Hi in Silicon Valley, you know some of the bay area California? Yeah.
Now I work for a big company. I'm working in the White House. I'm doing I'm shipping and receiving.
I'm where I wanna sipping a receiving dog.
No, not to be I've been sitting here all money for nothing.
where are you coming from? Which area?
Yeah, I never been there.
The model
trouble is last the Guards and Disneyland in that in down south California. That's what
No, I came from Vietnam have been 14 years.
14.
every time. Not in my area.
No, but you know, got in front. I had a lot of fire right now.
yep. It's
great
smoke and son, you know, never been like that before and never see like that before
me. It's like to my way my I had to my way I had to evacuate but luckily we didn't have to, the fire is like the dawn is like to my away from my house.
Not yet. He's like
everyone.
No, it's it's done now. It's different area now. They are in napa now.
Having trouble to last week at Disneyland, mm.
University
Universal Studio. I've been the one in the way.
But My kids, you know, we've been to Vegas one time and they love it because the weather is so hot. We like to scream, you know, so very much they go down into the hotel and then they're swimming. They love it.
What
My kidding young. My oldest one in 12 seconds, 10 and the last one in eight. So every two years.
Yeah, I've started trees anyway. No more.
No, they've been there with my wife but not me. I had to start to work that they've been there last year with my wife.
Well I
see a mere never been back since two and 4.
Yeah. My brother's in there Or am I related? My father and my mother is here. So my mom and
yes, my problem
here.
No, I came here. I'm almost 21 years so I played 20 years, six months or something. So you passed 21. I'm not able to enter the country you know over a couple
of months.
What
you know because of the pan damage. So we might have to stay home. Right So we do any kind of side business
besides your work by Uber or something or they only stop something you know the much more for your money.
No isn't it comes up and then I didn't you know selling some stuff on Ebay and
go over.
Yeah.
Now it is still raising you know the numbers thing raising so it's everywhere now in L. I mostly in Iowa and then mostly mostly in Silicon Valley too. So does
it get invoicing?
so
make sure you wear the mask when you go out. Right, that's the only one.
Do do you live in a big city or in the server like.
I lived about 45 minutes you know, come to my work. I realized so every morning it took me about one hour with the traffic to dry
Now it's a now it's only like 40 minutes Normally. Let's 60, minutes.
believed further away, you know, normally okay or less
one hour driving every morning.
so we like to work at home right now
around italian. So you do apply direct mail or you do online very much social media.
No. So you do, do you do what? A facebook marketplace two or something like that.
I used to do, you know affiliate marketing online. No paper click. I used to set up a google outward campaign. Lost quiet money that you know it's happening One time a test the keywords like $2 something and then like 10 minutes and lost my $400.
Well
Used
to be easy, but now it's too many people doing it. You know
the white most thing thing. I used to make the tune back for like five minutes. But, and then I set up another campaign and then I lost $400 for when they click.
So
how,
how are you dealing with a click for, you know, people try and do, just click you get the money.
I really was it?
So most mostly what kind of product you guys selling, you know, like your customer?
Thank
you.
So what do you think about Tiktok? You know the news media platform for kids? Well.
It's funny. Yeah.
I didn't like it anyway. He's kind of boring. At first you like it exciting. But you know, every day you saw the same kind of video again over and over again gather.
well
now I'm kind of opposite with you. I'm a print printer. I'm doing printing and mailing so I'm applying paper.
Well
look man.
Yeah
you
again if you if you integrate it's something like your coat well something like uh you know you can have a piece of mailing and then you use your smartphone with er up and then you can kind of see the video on the movies.
Yeah some kind of clever way
but
no
what?
But of course he has played part of it you know the book.
Well yeah defensive thing.
What?
Well
with direct marriage you need
to have really a target list like a little ceo coming here something really quality lewis You keep it down for like 500 to 1000 name only. And then workers and group have VIP member or something, something like that. You don't you don't send out a mass mailing like 100,000 you fucking
on the target you know
I'm
being fulfillment but I had a pot comes up in the mail house too so I know how to run a business too. Uh huh. Mhm.
I'm doing mostly in doing database you know you want the database address they do and suppression. So we have to clean up the data by mailing list on herself I or something and then we thought you know perfectly prepared prepared a database for printing. So I had a piece of the lead follow the postal regulation and then ready for the for the operator to run address on the milk is. So I do part of that and then the paperwork the submitted up in parts of it.
What? A lot of people stop doing it right now. We need to focus on fulfillment. You know different. Yeah.
right. So, but right now is only from human sleeping receiving them. Mhm.
There is too much cash to cover a web learning bike every time we go out on the campaign.
I'm talking about landing back, you know the wet the website.
So do do we gotta do some kind of suck and they're not in mind you know sell at even.
just get mm.
boy. Yeah. Um
So Mhm.
So
we
don't study study at home now or they go to school
well. My kids online study online. We had
something
well they like it but you know,
it's not the same, you know feeling you know, you don't make you don't need a fan and you don't laughing and you don't playing with a friend every day.
This
is where our August 18.
What? Yeah.
You need for since last year seen much you know, while and dynamic. They had to do it online home now.
One.
You know my kids besides besides going to school at home and then after that they play with the hyper every time watching tv is they're never going out anyway. When was gonna suck?
So
you have snow in your area like snowing
wolf.
Yeah. We we don't have snow here in California. You have to go to Nevada. We will never know what is the closest. But like for another hour former.
No, you can see some snow on top of the mountain but it's actually not really snow. Is that the ice ice case?
No.
What?
travel a lot for work?
What?
How
long have you been doing this card work? Mhm.
hopefully
so mostly right now you're doing a planning instead of doing actual work. Right.
Just a minute.
It's good. Everything now people move forward to online so everything should be stopping online. I
haven't mostly I buy my amazon you know never
been with you anymore but.
Why go? All right. I think it's it it's not thank you very much. Uh