Okay. How are you?
You
are good. Uh, My name is marty, wow.
no. Search
work.
I can hear you. Okay. Are you able to hear me? No, I think we have something in common. I think we're both working out of our garage is today. It's that
suit.
makes sense.
that's all right. Where were you based out of?
sure. I'm familiar with it and see you guys are working in the proverbial garage or you like working for a startup or?
okay. I got you. Okay. Ah
that's not too bad. Hopefully it's not too busy for you right now.
May as well hop on and take one of these calls and uh knock one out if it's not that busy. Uh
Uh so I live just north of Manhattan. I'm about 25 miles north just in the suburbs outside of Manhattan.
I don't
know.
sure. Yeah. That's funny. Are you from California originally? Are you from that area originally?
How long?
Okay. Gotcha. So you're sticking around anyway? 14 years.
That's funny. I haven't really been to Silicon Valley much, but I know uh san Francisco pretty well and I'm always a little bit jealous of that. We in the Northeast here right around this time of the year, everything gets overcast and sort of the sun disappears from now until late March, whereas in san Francisco at least my experience, you might get a little bit of fog, but it seems like it's sunny almost every day there. So I'm a little jealousy or whether
that is crazy, I was actually, I did one of these last week and there was somebody near Portland. Um So you guys you were there when the sky turned orange and everything was crazy.
Is
it?
How how close did it get to actually the area that you're in the fire?
Oh gosh so the house is okay but you guys had to evacuate for a while?
the fire
is it still burning now?
Okay jeez. Well they had a fire a few years ago maybe Cinema one of those had a pretty bad fire up there. I think so.
No I've never been to either actually. I have two kids but they've never really um pushed me to go there so I have Orlando the universal theme park there
with what's that?
Yeah I don't know it's uh I have one kid who wants to go on every ride and one kid who doesn't want to go on any rides so it's sort of hard uh managing the two of them together so uh not going sort of avoids most of the fights it seems like.
Yeah. And it's easy for you, right? Because I don't know if they're old enough that you don't have to watch them, but even if you do you can just go down and have your phone or a book or something like that and they sort of entertain themselves.
How old are you? It's
Yeah. So I have a 12 year old and a nine year old and but we we stopped there. No more kids after that.
Funny. Have have you ever taken them back to Vietnam or Now? It's too long
Okay. Have you been back at all or
no?
Oh geez. I don't know. Um Do you have family? There still are?
Okay. Your your parents are here as well,
you
get to see them still, which is nice. That makes it easier a little bit. I don't know. What did you come as a kid, Did your parents bring you or?
but
that's
perfect on me well. Um So what else is uh exciting, anything interesting going on in the world, anything new or?
Well.
Is uh that's that's not back live yet, is it, or?
How
yeah. How is the how is California doing? I think when I see the numbers it looks like you guys do have a number of cases. But um
in like for as big as state as it is, it doesn't seem like it's out of control, it's am I wrong or?
had
we had a real bad here in March and april but it's sort of went away for a little while, but now we're starting to see the numbers creep back up again, so everybody is getting nervous. Yeah.
You know.
I do I don't I don't really go out at all. I'm in my house all the time. My oldest son plays baseball, so sometimes I go to the field to see him play, but I'm not surrounded by anyone at that point, so I feel like that's okay. But who knows? I mean this has really been a crazy, crazy year. Yeah.
in a in a suburb were about 25 miles from Manhattan, but we're pretty far removed at this point, everybody where I live um formerly commuted into Manhattan and now everybody is just working from home and they have a ton of time all day. So
how is it?
via, Yeah, that's that's a long job. I mean candidly I've heard some horror stories from that area where people are in their cars for 2, 2.5 hours trying to get to work. So not.
well,
yep. Okay. I don't know. Um Yeah, we uh here most of the people, so for us we have to take bridges to get into Manhattan And it's like $18 to go over the bridge every day. Palestinian park your car, so it's a couple 100 bucks to park your car month. So here everyone takes trains and um the trains they're running, but no one has gotten on a train since March and we our company I actually happen to let work very close to where I live, but our company, the building is closed until january at least. And you know the estimate is that it's going to be at least june of next year before um we open up again. So we're going to be doing this for quite a while still I think.
Yeah, I um so I I live in my own a half from my office and I haven't set foot in there since March. I work in online advertising. So everything that we can do,
uh, on social media google all of that stuff, email marketing, things like that.
Uh, we don't do marketplace, but we do a ton of advertising like in stream for, uh, like your news feed or things on instagram. Um, we typically don't go into the marketplace. We spend most of our time trying to figure out exactly who we're going to target and then just finding them wherever they are, But
yeah. It's a, you hear stories about people who were successful
at that and I wish I was able to do it. But
part of it,
All
And then you're like, no, thanks, I'm not doing it anymore. I am, yeah, I mean it's I do it I've done this for a bunch of different companies now, but I always do it for bigger companies that spend a lot of money so you can sort of
do
different.
And
what we do is we track everything down to whether or not someone ordered a product and so we can tell like somebody came through, google went to the site and did X, Y, and Z. And we we just have a target. If we can sell something for less than it costs us too. Um Advertise then we can just keep putting the money back in. So yeah, there's click fraud out there. But all of our programs are designed like whatever converts the most and for us that's dollars in the door. We just keep putting all of our money in there. So we're losing something to click fraud. But we don't worry about it too much because we can keep finding new places to sell products, so.
Uh huh. Yeah, so we sell uh I work for a company called Hunter Douglas, we sell window treatments, so like drapery shutters, things like blinds that you put on your window and they're super expensive, so we don't sell a ton of them, but people pay a lot of money for them, so um yeah,
we
do that and it's, it's weird, there's just a narrow niche of people in the, on the internet looking for new window coverings all the time, so that's what keeps me input.
I so I have it on my phone. My son is a budding tiktok star. Um It's not great for us, our audience, our customers are typically in their 50s and 60s, so they really haven't gotten on to tick tock yet, but I personally enjoy it a lot. I'm sort of amazed at how clever some of these people are about the stuff they're both so,
so
Well that I I agree with that. Like I I actually, even though I work in the space, try and use my phone as little as possible so I'll dive in like once a week or something like that and usually there's new content there, but um, mm I don't spend hours on it. So yeah. What? Um, so are you a big social media user to use anything
other?
so
having
threatened, we get pitched all the time. So our big problem is with direct mail, we can't really track the conversion all the way through for a variety
of
reasons.
Oh yeah, that makes sense. Um
but our big problem is um, we don't sell directly to consumers. We have like independent dealers that sell for us and they
don't necessarily track all of the conversion data. So
uh we will do some. And my concern about direct now. So I've done direct now in the past is I used to manage the email and direct mail and I used to say that direct mail is 100 times more effective than email marketing
but it was 1000 times the cost.
I'm printing.
But so my concern for us is we we can miss from transactions with
the digital stuff and still show that were profitable with direct mail. If we don't get all the transactions I would worry that we would think it's not
probable.
What?
narrator.
Hey um We get pitched a lot though. It looks like the uh do you work for a male house or are you like a print fulfillment for
the
did you how did you get involved in that type of business?
How is how was your business impacted? I imagine that people would Probably one end up smelling.
The budget everybody's budgets got cut because no one knew what was gonna happen. So
Um interesting. Yeah, I mean we March and april was real bad for us, but things seem to be so we work in home decor and since everybody is stuck at home it seems like everybody is sort of taking on little projects.
When we send them uh we do um you know, we don't do much direct mail so we use cookies to just track people as they're converting through.
All right. We have some they're not particularly very good. We're sort of going through a new design process now. So hopefully um uh will be better in the future. But honestly we there's just more work than there are people to do. It is sort of the problem that we have.
So we have a guy in colorado that does that for us and he does all kinds of crazy stuff. He writes a ton of content. He's trying to build up blanks and things like that as well. So he's actually been doing a really good job. We've been growing. They're pretty nicely.
Don't know. It is and I mean I think it's also people are at home or they're on their computers or on their phones more than they used to be. So it makes it a little bit easier for us. I'll be back in one second. Yeah.
I'm sorry about that. I
dog who used to be home most of the day by yourself. Um But now she's used to having us here and she's very demanding now she wants to be let in and pet and scratched it all the time. So
that
was
uh they that's a good question. They go to school two days a week, so monday and Tuesday and then they're at home three days a week. How about your kids, are they?
How
do they like it?
It's not the same.
That's what my kids are. They wish they could go back every day. They like being in person much more as a parent. I also think that the teaching is better when you're in person than when you're online. I don't know how when did you guys start the school year? Was do you guys start after labor day or is it earlier and have some
places?
Okay. So interesting. So you guys start earlier?
So you guys have been doing this for two months now. It's still a little bit new for us, but
when we start the same for us in March, but they didn't really teach online, they didn't like have classes, they sort of just gave assignments and then you could ask for help. But last spring it was just our kids sort of figuring it out on their own and us helping as much as we could, but it definitely seems more organized
this year than it was last year. No, it's um are they? And they don't have any activities after school? Right? Like no support like that.
That's what my kids are doing to their watching a lot of videos. Um And they've been fighting with each other because they each want to watch different types of videos. So um that's something we've been trying to manage as best as possible. So I
don't know.
we don't it hasn't snowed yet. We will get snow starting
next year or so. But no it's in the fifties here now so it's still a little bit too warm for that. We have uh I imagine you guys get it as well. We're in the middle of all the leaves on the trees changing colors now so it's actually sort of a pretty time for us but we're just past the peak of that. So people get out of their house and in previous years would go up and go apple picking and stuff like that. But again that's all just not happening this year. So
Is there there are no mountains that are tall enough in California. That has snow I guess or?
Oh yeah that's fine. Do you ski at all? Hard to do, No. And I'm guessing you didn't have a lot of snow in Vietnam growing up either.
So. Yeah, it's uh
it's nice here because people like having the different seasons and knowing that the weather is changing, But I've been in San Francisco in January and in July and it was like 65 or 70 on both days, which may be abnormal, but it just makes me it's like perfect temperature year round. So my mom,
I used to I have a team based in colorado um and I used to go out there every other month or so, but we were
not allowed to travel for work now so everybody has to stay home. They did say you can just start again now, but you have to get like 20 people to give you approval and stuff like that. So effectively nobody is traveling at this point. How would
you,
I've been doing it since 1999, so I'm 20, years. Yeah, so
I've sort of been there for all the different changes and Online marketing and things like that. But of course when it was 99 or 20 I was a guy like doing all the work and excel and all the spreadsheets and now there are people that work for me that do that. So I'm not nearly as fluent with it as I probably should be. So the guy, I haven't run an adwords campaign myself in probably 10 years at this point, but.
yeah,
exactly. And I do a lot of the reporting and the analysis, it helps me figure out what to do and what direction to give my team. And I do spend a lot. So right before talking to you, we were talking to our budgets and just planning and stuff like that and just making sure that we were in good shape. Um So um yeah, that's all the stuff that we're working through. So
that
that
I think so. I mean it's a nice spot. I definitely have colleagues that work in magazines or on television and they're a little worried about it because like it's all heading my way and I'm sort of pretty fortunate because I told my team members this the other day I got into this because I actually when I started I opened a newspaper and looked at the classified ads, that's how long ago it was. And I remember the quote was do you like the internet? And I was like I do. And I Sort of just applied for a job and then 20 some odd years later I'm still working in the industry, so.
All right, thank you. Take care.