Yeah
myself.
Another death.
go ahead.
Like you say that again.
Oh hi I'm Mark.
I have actually done this before. Yeah. Although the last couple of times I've tried to have the people have been showed
up so you know it's just me staring at a blank screen for five minutes.
Okay. You've been pretty lucky in the past few times I've done that I think twice so far before and both people were pretty cool.
Um I do a whole bunch of computers stop working on databases that sort of thing. Holding information out reporting all that fun stuff. No
right now completely work from home. So the support
is pretty much I spend a lot of my time these days. Yeah
we did some of that before all Covid hit but it was never you
know
five days a week it was you know maybe he needed to or once a week or something like that. Yeah.
Yeah. What do you do?
good.
Oh yeah no we do some decent amount of work with the AWS and using them
as a back
at that various things like pretty much everybody else these days but
The what type?
Okay well um they probably use it to some degree. Yeah but it's more just like you know if you need a server or somewhere to store files or run on like sort of a whole bunch of computers or a server farm that's where you go to. And
rather than like having it basically on your own site you just pay amazon use you know some massive storage facility and they have thousands of computers and servers running in them. Let them do it.
Yeah. Oh yeah I mean it's it's massive.
Oh yeah I'm very thankful I'm able to do that right now otherwise I don't know what I'd be doing. Yeah.
Yeah, it's like really until every company and every, you know, everyone else gets it under control like nobody is really safe. It's like it just takes one state, one company want anything and then everyone else is at risks and it seems fun for everybody.
I'm out of Indianapolis.
Okay. I've never
actually been down that far south outside of just the standard florida trip. Everyone does, but
Have been around here for about 10 years or so now I grew up in the Chicago land area and then made the stuff. Yeah.
man, a good amount. But very feel in the actually probably is his eyes, a lot of people like the northwest part of the country. I really haven't been to it all southwest, not too much, mainly just midwest and Northeast and pretty much every speak for the most part within their south. Yeah.
Never
been to texas though. So that's probably the largest of the states that I haven't so far.
Yeah I've never been there so.
Pretty much like when we've been doing our traveling lately it's been more so like the other countries rather than within the U. S. We bigger. You know me and my wife as we get older, like it's easier when we're younger to go somewhere out of the country where you know we get older and that is mobile easier to drive around the U. S. And you know go around that way. So.
not I mean um not as much as we want to but basically all over europe for the most part. And uh last trip before all this hit while we were in spain for a couple of weeks.
That
was very enjoyable. Yeah.
Oh yeah, now
that's pretty
much where like whatever extra money we make, like it doesn't go toward the house, doesn't go towards like you know close it made me goes toward travel. So
that's that's been our priority.
Oh yes, it's just fun to get out of your element and like be somewhere completely
different and like things he only knew and like you daily like things just never feel new. It's like the days sort of run together, it feels like as find getting somewhere else. It's like oh I'll actually have a memory out of this and you know five years from now, I'll remember what I did on that day.
Oh yeah. You know like the biggest like you know for us in terms of like having that experience is we got to go to china and just like you know being there is like you know no english, it's not going to be written on anything. Not
everybody necessarily knows english because you know they don't really need to, we're in europe, most people tend to speak it or you know they can understand what you're saying. So that was like our biggest sort of all right, we have to activate and try to you know see things from other points of views and you know try to work our way through and be the ones you know looking at the paper and trying to figure out you know, how do I say this word,
communicate and
there was we had a guide for some of it because we were we would have been lost in certain areas. Yeah.
yeah, again that's that's our focus. Yeah.
Yeah, sadly we can't go anywhere now because you know we can't leave the country but hopefully someday.
I think it's definitely gonna be with us for a while, it's just gonna be like a, you know, a country by country basis where you know whatever sort of the level of positivity is in terms of like
infections, like if you're above or below that might determine if other countries will say yeah if you're from there you can come and visit but
best.
Um I mean I can easily say italy just because I mean it's italy and that's what they do
but in terms of like something that's a bit more like unique and interesting, we spend some time in Turkey and just the food there, the flavors and spices were amazing.
Oh yeah, like I mean it's on every corner so.
you have
yeah that's somewhere we'd love to get back to because we've only had a chance to be in Istanbul and like that's such a small part of the country and obviously the tourists, the part of it at least depending on what part of the city you're in. But like I would love to get back there and just explore other parts of the country
and yeah.
Uh huh. I mean it's it's I mean we have like we haven't really explored much of Asia south America or africa. Yeah those have been sort of on our list of like all right, we're gonna start with countries where we can sort of speak the language and then you know as we get more used to traveling than branch out and you know the other parts of the world.
A lot of times. Part of the issues as if you're flying from Indianapolis flights to really anywhere that is in europe just costs so much because we're not a massive airport or anything.
So like we have to get down to Atlanta or to, you know, new york New Jersey to hop
on a intercontinental
flight.
So Mhm.
yeah, like if you're going from there to say, you know, um you haven't been there, but just to say Ireland like depending on the time of year, you're not going to pay an exorbitant amount to get there. So
So
so was it work that brought you to America originally? Alright. Yeah.
Mhm.
Out of the
country.
Yeah.
Oh yeah, we spent some time there. Yeah, we did about maybe a week or so there yeah some relatives that sort of live in the general area. So that was like helpful breasts that like have someone to, you know at least say hi to and you know.
they were like they were in the first place you went to you like you want it's like all right, it's too close to America like in the sense of like culture. So it's like let's go somewhere more different than that so that
we
yeah. The history and the food
and
Egypt Egypt has always been sort of the top of the list has just been sort of in recent years we were trying to take security into account since we're traveling up like I have about a two year old daughter. So when we're traveling
around and we try to sort of balance with the fact that we're traveling with a toddler and where we're going. And
so that might be something where when she's a bit older or you know, because all by ourselves, we might like to jump over to there.
but
he's, ours is about to turn out three years old in about a week now. So yeah,
my wife
is actually pregnant right now, she's do pretty much any weak at this point. So I literally have her appear behind me and say yes, time to go to the hospital, we'll see what happens.
Yeah, things
are interesting.
it's very weird to watch her, like you look at your phone and see a photo of like from six months ago. It's like, you know, you recognize them but they're totally different now and like it's just exponential growth that this one,
so right now will probably eventually have her in a preschool right now, she still does have a daycare she's able to go to. We were um luckily lucky enough while they at one point they shut the day care down for everyone else since my wife is a nurse, they still let us send our child to that daycare. While there were no other case there when things were more at the peak. So that's where she generally has spent her time and now daycares are generally open again. So yeah, it's all, there will probably be looking at some sort of pre school, but that's at least a few years away, so.
this is
No, that's definitely something we sort of thought about a lot and like we had to weigh the balance of, essentially the only way we could, like cattle at home would be, is it like one of us were to quit our job basically in my wife's job is literally being a nurse and caring for people who get sick and then, you
know bike with mind then the income to sort of keep things going and you know, it was just like, well, you know, it's sort of the best of bad choices to us and
ideally there have been a better governmental response and we get things under control
and then
we
will be forced into this. But
here
we are.
that's yeah, that's one thing I've been lucky with just with the working from home is like on the days when she's not a daycare, I get to have those little moments throughout the day where I can just come downstairs and say hi and you know, but then there's also the moments where you know, she's running around the house and I'm trying to work on something. So it all balances out. Yeah.
What?
yeah.
That's like
my motivation to keep in shape because otherwise I am not going to keep up. So that's what gets me up in the morning to go on Iran is like all right, if I don't do this, I'm not gonna be able to keep up with her.
I mean I'm pretty much going at least from my perspective the non insanity vote and probably gonna vote democrat. So just because I can yeah,
it's just I'd like to think that there are certain facts and things that are true and I don't think the republicans already really and here's the facts anymore. And obviously this they are the person at the head of that is not something I like at all. So I don't think I could ever vote for them.
I feel
like
there's a lot of things we could have been just stirring. Covid we could have done in that didn't happen. Like you look at almost every other country in the world like that, you know, has, you know, some basically money to throw at a problem resources and you know, they were able to address the issue and
we didn't get consequently, lots of people have died because they didn't do anything.
I have some other people coming in the house next door, so there's some background
Oh yeah, we have two cats in the house. So yeah. Just actually took them to the bed a few days ago. They have some fleas. So we needed to figure out, you know, some prescription medicine for them. And we're actually cleaning the house earlier it up, clean up the carpets and couches and just try to sort of root out the problem.
Oh yeah, specific to like bring your looking forward, just the dog is nice. Go for it.
No.
Yeah.
I've always been partial the Siberian huskies. I had a friend who had one growing up and they were just the friendliest, nicest dog. Like you could just hang out with, like lay your head on one of them and they'll just hang out with you and just incredibly friendly and
Oh yeah, the green
and that,
yeah, my mother in law had one until the dog
passed away a couple of years ago. It was just the friendliest, you know, doc you'd ever be. So, but you can probably say that about most dogs is they're all pretty friendly, so yeah, the vast majority.
Yeah, it definitely
depends
on the
owner
with
pit bulls.
So I would love to have been able to get out, but I'm just allergic to them and it's sort of like I love them, but I don't want to be in, you know, misery every single day. So.
What
sort of tying back to the whole traveling thing is like if you, you know, since we travel we need to not having cats has made that a lot easier because you don't have someone who needs to walk them every day. Like if we're going somewhere we'll just have someone come by the house every handful of days and like made them play with them, but they don't need to be, you know, taken for a walk and this matter put up in the cattle. So I certainly
didn't one of the benefits there.
barely even need us. Yeah.
Sure.
Oh yeah. We have a like a list of places but it's sort of like we're trying not to get invested in any because who knows when we'll be able to go again. Like we had originally had plans for june and for the end of this year and you know those are gone sam we're just sort of going to take things as they are and hope things get better and then try to get invested again. So we don't just crush our hopes once again. Yeah.
yeah. I would not
be comfortable getting on a plane right now like maybe even just being in a restaurant. Makes me feel weird like, yeah,
I couldn't do it.
We've done some take out here and they're just, you know, they bring it to the car or something like that, but that's about it.
This is, yeah.
They
don't,
Yeah. We want to fight against the stereotype that americans only wanna, you know, care about America and only stay there. It's like when we go out in the world, we want to like, like you don't necessarily want people always know you're an american because then you'll be treated maybe not as well these days, but it's also like, people know that we're not all like your stereotypes and you know, big company, there's a lot of people and some of us want to get out of there from time to time.
I mean, it's true. You get out in the world, you meet people, you realize everyone, you know, edit their base, cares about the same things and you know, you have different things on, you know, specifics, but the basics are pretty much the same.
I had a great 10,000 if you too.
thank
you. I hope you're able to stay safe and you're, you know, disabled, you know, be happy and keep going.
Have a good night,