What's going on? How you doing?
All right. All right. I'm
stupid. Do
you think? What? Oh you said what? I couldn't get that.
Oh yeah I said I'm steven
Margaret. All right nice nice meeting you. Mark are beginning. Have you tried this before?
what?
wow. Well I did I did bones. This would be my 2nd 1. The person actually did show up. It was a nice conversation.
wow, awesome, awesome, awesome. So so what do you do Mark?
So you tell you commute or you?
thank you.
Arthur
with
you.
That's good
I walk with amazon. Uh
Yeah yeah. Process assistant um inventory in quality assurance department. Um A few paper works. Uh We we do with a lot of data as well but I love the data guy. So so we have a data analyst. So I just pull information is I make reports and it's a lot over
Or
w
yeah, it'll be a fun. That's more like um that's the kingdom part of amazon right? If I'm right.
The kingdom,
All
Uh I never knew that part of. Yeah, it's a huge company so yeah, it's a lot of aspects to be
uh that's so awesome. But I I wish I was going to work from home.
Yeah it's uh it's a lot of stress because you know like like in my building because I work at the building and the facilities, you know, so we wind up with covid cases like you know, they're always update us so it gets a little scary. You know, every other week we get at least 23 people. So it's yeah, it is good. But Well, you know, safety precautions are in place and they always give us a mask and you know the 6ft rule and everything. But you know, but it doesn't totally as far as where people were, you're not, you know totally free for me if I can use that word. Right
All right. I don't know. I don't know. So so where are you chatting out from
going to the police? I'm over here in Georgia
enamel.
All right. All right. Uh
So how many states have you been to? Yeah.
that's
good.
Yeah texas you said?
All right. Yeah. I've never been to texas and so I've only been to about a few stickers. I moved here um about over eight years now like to the country. Yeah. Um Yeah so it's I've been to, you know, I used to believe in New Jersey. Um so then my job brought me down to Georgia but I've been Jersey new york massachusetts Connecticut Georgia I think. I know I've been to the D. M. V. Area that's Delaware and all those areas in the White house. Yeah that's about it some better.
Mhm. So being out of the country before two.
Well
then
awesome. Yeah.
Yeah
I won't
Travel
yeah travel is I love to travel and I mean I've been to a few places in europe. Not a lot. I love to travel to something
different.
Yeah exactly and I think maybe you know because you know I understand like the diverse background I feel when people will travel more they kind of understand diversity diversity better because you know you've been to spain and they speak spanish and you're like you try you know, it's just a different feeling General.
Word.
the chinese
would be the artist want to say I imagine. Yeah
well that's that's why you traveled,
have you? That kinda
Yeah. Hopefully these days down soon I know some countries are beginning to opening up their international travelers um gradually. And I think because you know, I don't know it assumed this would go. But I feel we just have to learn to start living with it taking all the necessary precautions. And I think that is what it's gonna handle being. So they get if I seen that you know may be eradicated or something, I don't know. It's just mm
Well
so I've been like the places you've been to because you traveled more than I did. So maybe just I can pick up some things from that. Where did you have the best, like the best milk? Because I like to try different food, you know? So where do
we have the best one?
Pastor?
did you? Did you have Quebec?
Because I've been to Turkey to talk
about Istanbul. I went to Istanbul. I went to is man and car. Yeah.
Of the
wow. Wait, what countries have you been to?
I looked hard work.
parole Yeah. Gs they cost a lot. Oh okay. I get it
warming.
It will be
easier.
from Atlanta is still a lot more expensive new york is like so cheap. Hope.
Yeah. Right. You're right. Well I love
to be sitting there. Yeah.
was work and um school actually. Um so high school, you know, I did business management in school so I have my families are we're up here already um So after school I came to join them and I was thinking you know to my Master's degree but I haven't been able to do it because of the cost and everything. Um Yeah I should just get into work and you know I mean I do take courses online here and there um but I haven't been able to do that so it was mainly uh actually I thought it was gonna be school that I was going to get my Masters degree before but yeah it was family, family and work, you know mm Yeah
but I'm actually from africa regionally waist
up
west Africa Nigeria to be precise yeah
um Yeah but I I didn't really explore africa that much, I've only been in my country but I've been to other places like in europe uh you know and you've ever been through the great Britain like UK.
And they speak english, so obviously you're finding more. Yeah.
mean
yeah I have a lot of families up there to um Yeah, but I mean so where is the, like on your bucket at least like in africa, where would you like to use it? Like I know most people want to go like where they have the Safari like South Africa and kenya and those places and some people prefer like Egypt where they can see those old building when because if you do like Turkey, you might like Egypt because Turkey also has those you know uh
business,
but I know that.
The earlier.
Yeah that's
Well I also have uh it's about almost to have a 20 month old son as well so I do
not know
good
girl.
But it's your second so you you you know what it entails already? Uh
They
they grow up so fast as uh yeah
they are they grow up so fast so so I know she you haven't started school yet so you planning on home schooling or?
okay have an easter stays on uh album sentence you know I'm just a little uh I've been teaching them stuff myself and yeah but uh but you know I'm with the Covid I'm just a little bit more careful kind
of uh yeah because you know I just and when I know when they opened back the schools are in Georgia a lot of kids got tested positive tweets so it's just for me it's not a good time to send him out there.
man.
No.
you
are
martin
got
into
the point. Yeah, I agree with you on that. I agree with you on that. I'm also um you know Triangle, so my plan is well is I love day trading. I do, they trade forex, but uh you know, I'm still on a learning curve so that's my goal to get that lockdown and once I'm able to be profitable like consistently on it, you know, I'll eventually leave my job and you know, be able to have more time with the kids and basketball.
do that a they do run a lot of luck like
just like my son, they never stopped running. Um
It's always running. I'm
like
Yeah you're right, you're right, you're right, wow. So yeah. So what do you think about the election coming up? You know what's your view I mean? About
But
yeah, you know, I do agree with you as well and then I think we kind of just similar views as to that. Yeah, I just think yeah, it's just been a lot of I've always been a lot of blame on the past government and you know what I mean? No one is really gonna do it like the way it's gonna solve everyone's problems, you know, if I can put it in that way, but at least that, you know, if you dare to do it, just do a job and don't keep blaming um you know, had
any
more.
Is the
Health professionals. And it's just they were so like they were just it was just like they were just thrown onto the bus like it's it's terrible, it's a lot of people. Yeah.
It's okay. So you do you have any pets like your person? Uh
uh I'm off a dog passing. I'm trying to get one, I'm trying to adopt one. Yeah,
I mean I don't like the chihuahuas and all those
little I like a lot of dogs, but not like the uh I mean more of like the golden retriever german, the more brilliant dogs that are more responsive and Yeah, because that we're looking at Yeah,
so american english kind of those kind of dog.
I just didn't mention that. Yeah, that is it's so my right down my at least because I had a friend as well, we have one uh just the way they look at their eyes and
it's
just uh the wolf like look is just
so
The vast majority of events only for uh, I don't know how people do that. It's not the, yeah, the pits, the pit bulls are not pre diwaniyah.
Some
people
think
that I'm
friendly,
but I don't know. I, I still debate that. Yeah,
I got him, I got a counselor counselor nice to. I mean we can't, I just feel cats are really from my perspective. Right? Food there. Really needy. Like they, there
it is. Mm hmm.
that
exactly yeah. They continue the outback himself and mhm
cards really do. They really don't. Uh,
awesome, awesome, awesome. So yeah, So plans already after Covid you have like places you looking to visit.
That's right. You know, we'll just take it one step at a time and hopefully everything will open back up the way it's supposed to and yeah I know traveling. I I saw some flight schedule as I said earlier I was because I was supposed to travel this year as well. Um I was gonna go to London to see my cousin then go back on then before coming back. But yeah they opened up already but I'm still I'll still wait till next year though. I'm not rushing it.
I mean
that
that's uh I haven't eat out in I don't know since this started. I can't yeah.
yeah that's about it. Yeah.
Yes. Oh market was really I I really did enjoy the conversation and I'm you know I like the traveling side because you know most people that I've spoken to like I mean I wouldn't say I wouldn't generalize it but from like my job like it's more like I would say americans don't really travel a
lot
european. Yeah Europeans do travel in latin, americans don't don't. So when I see ones who travel I'm like wow. Because
That's really good. And you can tell people like that, you know, you always have that the way of seeing things. It's different when you do travel. Yeah.
They're saying yeah. Yeah you're right. So it was really nice talking to you mark. So
you know keep doing what you're doing and you know stay blessed and you
know.
All right, well I will I will and yeah, we got still family as well or write more but
you too. Bye.