Hello,
How are you?
I'm good. Just fix something here. What's your name?
I'm sorry.
Are free
dash thanks. Um so how long have you been here waiting way?
perfect. Um
I'm just just working. What about you joe?
I'm also learning spanish and dual lingo.
I mean I'm in the United States. I'm normally from I guess I'm from the midwest. Um I've lived in Miami Beach for a long time. I'm actually
in ST louis right now though. Mhm.
Where
we're in California
san Francisco,
Is that where you're from?
Where
in India?
Where is that? Is that like north, south east west?
I've never I've never been to the Himalayas.
I do you I mean I guess it depends sometimes I do sometimes I don't spend so much to do it but uh it's uh yeah, I mean I like to go places and experience and you don't do things and you know have just meet people and stuff like that. What about you?
I mean you have have you traveled a lot yet or is it just aspirational or where have you been that you that's uh like to?
Yeah. I I was lucky and then I worked in a I got to work on a project that was in europe, so every weekend I would switch our hotel to a different city and you know then I wouldn't have to pay for the, you know, and so I got to go to like 10 different countries or something like that in a short period of time and
I really have to not really have to pay for it. So it's pretty good. Um But yeah, but I, you know, still there's so many places that I haven't been in europe and it's just like, you know, it's insane, you know?
Yeah, it's pretty great. Although I mean we we can't do that in the sense of visiting States and stuff
in the
United
States, but I don't don't do that as much for some reason. Um
Yeah, it's not as it's not as a, you know, there's not as much cultural diversity or whatever is there is in, you know, centuries and millennia and europe, all evolving these different countries. So,
so where do you want to go next?
What's the Dolomites? I don't know if I know what that is
increase in Germany. I've been to Mykonos. Yeah,
it's like a it's an island off the off of the coast of for Athens as it's not too far from Athens, it's like a party island. I went there in spring break, it
was okay, we're only, I mean this is when I was working, so we had to go and we made like a three or four day weekend at it and it was right at the end of um it's right at the start of May and so it wasn't quite into full on I guess it wasn't spring break, but it was it was right before it turns into just like the on season, so it was like rainy and stuff like that but it's cool. Um We ran to the car and drove up this mountain and we almost flip the car over. Um
At some point this this guy that I was, he was like yeah he's like my mom would kill me if she thought we were doing right now. Uh As always remember that. But yeah. Uh
Do you
speak
No. Where
did you go in France? Yeah.
that's pretty much what I did when I went to theirs. No,
no it seems. What time here did you go there?
Now I have heard that that it kind of smells in venice in the summer. Is that true or false?
What
is what did you say? Hello? Nice.
Uh huh. I've never yeah, I don't I don't have as much information about venice. I've never been there. I've only been to um where's the what's the city that all the girls like? Um
That's
like yeah man, why can't I think of this? So obvious
Florence
because it's like old and you know that's where all the painters lives and everything? Oh.
You
really you really got around
in Italy?
Is that what is that what your friend who were there? Did you visit that person?
That's cool. What what what music group are you like a singer or do you play an instrument?
But
what? I don't know what that what that is.
Is
the,
well,
you know what, what's it called?
Aruba
Don't don't rubio. Okay.
Isn't uh do you know who Nikki Haley is? Is is she seek?
She used to be the governor of south Carolina.
I think she was the U. N. Ambassador also since then Dill River.
Mm. So it has
like are those buttons, are those tuning the things on
the side?
So yeah, it's interesting. I I played the violin when I was a kid. I'm just trying to think of like so it's a Yeah, but you just have way more, you have way more strings I guess. Yeah, it's really different
and sympathetic means that they what?
Yeah, that's interesting. I've never I don't know if I've ever heard of the delivery before. I feel like I've seen it, but I've never really looked at it to see what it was, to see how it kind of works.
I've heard of that.
I don't
know if I can picture it sits
on our
I'm walking it up now. Do you also play this guitar?
Oh yeah, this guy. Well does the on the Dell Aruba, Is that the kind of base of it? Is that is that a hollow thing? Like guitar also, but it doesn't look like it has a hole?
Yeah, that's that's interesting. So what is why is this guitar harder to play than the river or why is it different
morgan,
like a guitar behaviour? Fire? Yeah.
I think guitars had that too. That's why sometimes they had like the guitar pick, give you a pick so you don't have to mess up your fingers until your fingers get stuff. Um Yeah, I bought a UKulele to try and you know, a lot of learning because it's supposed to be easier than the guitar, but I haven't really gotten into discipline myself to doing it yet. Um So how, how far you in dueling go, how many words have you learned?
Okay, I didn't even know you could do that, I thought you had to get to, I didn't know if you could do a little, maybe should I just start doing that because I've been getting to level five and everything before you go to the next one that's kind of taking
forever.
so
yes, I would, you're way ahead of me, but you took, spent high school, so somewhere
Um I I've been doing it for like a year and I probably do, you know, one or two lessons a day, so um probably not anywhere near as much as you do, I do it for like 55 minutes a day probably. Um
I have, I have a streak of like, I think my streak right now is at 162 days um and I've had a streak that was like 240
but but you you're doing it a lot more every time when you do it. Yeah, and plus you already know spanish, you're it's like spanish, so I took french, so there's some parts of it that are similar, but it's quite different. But
that would be, that sounds, yeah, I sort of want to do that, but I'm going to do it in one language at the time, I think,
I
don't
know.
Yeah, there was definitely a crossover, yeah, I don't know which one I'm gonna, I'm thinking I might want to do like hebrew or like japanese or maybe mandarin. I don't know. That's it, but it's great that, that, I mean, it's unbelievable. It's free. Um, you know, the base version of it is anyway. And uhh
uhh the uhh, definitely
much.
Okay. Yeah, definitely. It's like, sometimes I wonder about like, you know, like Russian and like welsh in that way too, because, well, she sounds like it's really strange. Um, um, but, but I think that that, that's actually like an interesting part of some languages, like japanese and chinese, you know, they have the pictographs. So I think that's kind of like, you know, it would be really different. But I also think it's like, you know, there's kind of intuitive because like if you were going to start on your own and create your own language without knowing anything, it would seem like it might be easier to start with a picture language than it would be just make up 26 letters and then just signed sounds to them and stuff like that. So um you know, I but but that's also what makes it like scary to have something like welsh, which is like, so for me it just sounds so bizarre, like how would you ever start off? You know, it's like so it's like so in between like two or two or three other languages or whatever. Um Yeah, but I guess it's um you know, I knew this one in Miami, there's this one woman who happened, can you still hear me?
Okay? Your video dropped out for some reason, but I can hear you. Yeah,
I would say your connection is still up. Um because I can I can hear your b I just have a silhouette of a of a, you know, a random person's head. Uh Yeah, it's kind of funny looking actually
just leave it because that way I think something's happening now. Can you hear me?
Oh there it came back. Yeah.
There you go,
Um Yeah, I don't remember what we were talking about. Oh I was saying that they there's this woman I know in Miami who was like a realtor and she has learned like, I don't know what she's, I think she's on like for fifth or sixth language or something like that because she uses it to get like international clients or whatever. So she can markets people who don't speak english natively, who want to buy real estate in the United States. Um But she was saying that yeah, once she um she's like, her family is like um I think from, I don't mind if it's Venezuela, it's somewhere in central America. Um it's not Bolivia that south America, I think it's Venezuela, but anyways, so she she speaks spanish, this was my point and she was able to go through, you know italian and french pretty easily. Um and then I think she was doing um she might have been doing, what language do they speak in like Dubai?
think she was doing Arabic because there's a lot of, you know, I guess there's a lot of rich people in Dubai, I want to spend money on real estate in United States. But yeah she said the same sort of thing that it was, you know, it was uh was the roman sandwiches are so similar, but then once you get out of that it's it's trickier.
What, I have never heard her speak that, I just know that, I think that's what she said she was going to do next when when when she was she was doing italian when I had a longer conversation with her about it um that was like her last of the romance once so uh yeah and she was trying to decide whether she was going to do um mandarin or Arabic um and she thought that Arabic was going to be easier than mandarin so anyways
but I mean yeah I guess you just have to but yeah yeah I don't know there's got to be some sort of you know way to do it.
No.
Mhm. The yeah yeah I feel like when I used to lingo I don't get good at the better at the you know reading and writing
of it and not as much as the um you know recognizing it from audio because I really still have to think about it when they do the audio ones. I tried to, I tried to watch like netflix shows on, you know, in spanish and stuff like that. And some of them, it's like really weird because some of them, the translators don't seem to match like what it would be if I translated on my own. And I'm sorry, you're going to say something about that's
a great show, right?
Famous
I don't remember that. Maybe I selected the Spanish Spanish because that would make sense because the shows that I like on Netflix are made in Spain, that seem to be matched up better. So maybe I selected the Spanish one. It's
been
yeah, I remember like watching Arc Narcos and like, especially in Narcos Mexico when the guys were from, I can't remember the name of the area. Um but you know, it's the Narcos Mexico, I don't know if you've seen it, but it's about
it's
very great. Yeah, there's like five they made. Um um One is the first Narcos is all about Colombia and Pablo escobar, kitchen, Pablo escobar,
and then the second one is Narcos Mexico, and that's about the marijuana which is going to Mexico. So the first one is cocaine, which is more Colombia. Um But they have, you did the the accents are so different from this area where they grow the marijuana and Mexico is like kind of like a desert. Um And they have such a distinctive accents. And so sometimes I could go online and try to try to figure out like where, because it doesn't sound anything like the intonations and everything are so different. It doesn't, I really cannot even understand hardly anything that they're saying at all. And but I guess like online I looked around and like people are like commenting on the accuracy and the quality of the actors accents and the thing and they were saying that the guys in Narcos Mexico are like really really good.
And that that that man, I wish I could remember the area that it's um it's not Guadalajara, it's um starts with A. J. Um And I've been there too, so it's like I should know. But uh yeah it's just but then they were also ripping on the guy who's Pablo escobar's accent because he's from Spain I think and they're saying he has an accent that is not like Colombia at all. But he was really good. He won like an Emmy for
for playing that role because he's so it's terrifying. But yeah, so I was thinking about that. But the other thing I was going to tell you is if you like Money heist, you should watch locked Up, which is on netflix, It's really good.
I don't know if it's as good as money heist, but it's very it's as at the same level of being constantly entertaining, like it's always, there's always something happening and there's a lot of like scheming and um I don't know if the person who
some of the same actors who are in money heist are also in locked up.
Yes, it's
in
spanish, yeah, it's another one. Money Heist was shot in Spain and locked up or shot in Spain and I think some of the same people are involved in both. Well I know from the actors there, but um so
I think uh yeah, they're both really good um but narcosis is, you know, that's a show that's made, you know, it's like produced in the United States, so it's it's made for for gringos. Um
But uh Yeah locked up is there's I guess there's something in Spain where like all the retired people, there's so many retired people or something like that that there's these soap operas that are like on during the day that I've been running for like 40 years, which I guess is the same here. But there's soap operas are like hours and hours long and they're like really intricate and so like no one watched tv in Spain, they're like young people didn't watch tv as much because it was so geared towards retirees, but then they created these new shows um to like be really different, it's like more people watching tv and I think like vis a vis what locked up is called in Spain and I think it's sort of the first one and then money heist is like another one that builds on the same type of to
build on the same audience. So Yeah, I think you'll you'll like it if you like money
heist.
I think that they're trying to
Yeah, I think that they are because they left it where it was like there's definitely more they could do with it, right?
The one that Yeah. Yeah.
Did she die? It's hard for me to keep track of who the ribs and he dies.
But she got shot before and she didn't die, right. And
All right. And so now she But that's the confusing part about for me about the shows because sometimes you think that someone is dead and then they find out that there's some other twists and that they're not actually dead.
You
know
that
that
actress, she is really good. I think her name is like Isabel flores or something like that. And she's also in locked up and if you if you see locked up you'll be like oh she's I think she's better and locked up but she's really getting money heist obviously, but I think she's better and locked up because you play somebody who's just completely crazy, just totally
nuts and locked up and she's a lesbian and she's like really aggressively at lesbian and she's like it's just hilarious. She's always like she's totally like a guy in this
all female prison. It's just really it's pretty funny. Yeah, she's really good though. Um So definitely check that out. I would. You're
definitely gonna like it I think. Well it was really great talking to you.
Have you done one of these before?
I got stood up two times before I did this one but then I did I think I did too before this one at the start of the pandemic and then one in the middle and then I don't know if they're gonna this is pandemic related and they just keep doing this
the studies
for that order.
well have a great night.