I
How are you? I'm good. How are you?
I'm her freak.
Harpreet.
What about you?
Oh, I just clicked on and showed up. So all good.
So what were you up to?
I was learning spanish on dual lingo.
Well that's cool. Where are you from?
I'm
I'm
in California.
Bay Area.
Yeah. And you're there?
Um No, I'm
from India. Originally.
Put drugs.
Yeah. Yeah, it's like a little west of the Himalayas. Yeah. Yeah.
Do you like traveling?
Yeah. I really love traveling. I'm still young though, so I have a long way to go. But yeah my dream is to like be rich enough to be able to travel anywhere without having to worry about money or anything.
I've been to the east coast like new york Washington D. C. And also like toronto. But that would be for like activities and like family. And then I've been to europe as well, but like I want to go back there. You never travel enough to those types of places, like you can never be enough. Yeah.
Well,
I know somebody who worked in Italy I think for like a year or something and like every week and he would just drive to like different countries.
we're
going
to,
yeah, I mean between like the east coast and the west coast, there's not really that many things to see in each country, like state. Like there is in each country in europe. So I feel like nobody wants. Okay, no offense. But like nobody really wants to go through the midwest looking at touristy places.
Yeah, that's the main thing I liked most about europe, like wherever you go, like friends. I went to France and Italy and like the architecture is so different. I found that fascinating.
Okay, I haven't been to Switzerland so definitely there, and like I'd also like to visit the Dolomites in Italy. Yeah,
it's a mountain range towards the north. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, and also I want to go to like Greece and Germany
Oh that's that's an Greece, right?
that seems like a dream.
Mhm
Yeah, when I went to europe, it was like end of july, beginning of august, so it was like grueling, li hot in France
and
then no, I don't
no
friends, I would just basically went to paris and Versailles. Not really, we spend like two days there, so it wasn't enough to like see everything, we just went to the loop and like the Eiffel Tower, the architecture of the basic stuff. Yeah.
Yeah. Have you been to venice that? I think that was my favorite city ever. Yeah.
Okay. It was the beginning of august so it was pretty humid there. But off like off venice they're smaller islands and we went to Bereano and it was like it's a day trip and it was really nice. Yeah.
No I didn't really notice anything. There were a lot of mosquito but I would I wouldn't really recommend venice. Like venice was okay, it was pretty crowded in the main parts but the islands off
of it, they're hella nice. Yeah.
Yeah. They're like so peaceful and like I could imagine myself living there.
An
animal
like
me long. Oh Florence yes.
Before I went to for Florence and then pizza and then. Rome too. I think I like venice most of all
out of all
They
were like really quick trips. Like we only spent like 1-2 days at each city. Yeah.
Oh no that was some other time. But we went to europe as like I am part of this. I was part of this music group and there was an international competition there. So yeah, it was in England. So then we just decided to travel around europe because why not? Yeah.
But yeah, so it's like traditional indian
it,
so there's a bunch of different music in India of course. But it was like um I'm also sick. So I play like um religious music. Yeah.
And I played
here and I play a traditional string instrument
called Villalba,
Bill, Ruba,
Dell rubber D. I L. Are you B. A.
you can search it up if you want.
Who? I don't know her I think.
Well, I don't know.
So it's not like Western string instruments at all.
It's
no,
so there one side of it has like um tuning knobs. Yeah, like a guitar would I suppose. And the threats are like the short lines along the neck and that's what you like slide your finger along. Yeah.
Yeah. There's a lot of sympathetic strings and all like indian instruments.
They're like really there for resonating sound. So they're like supposed to make your sound sound paper like more hormones. Yeah.
Yeah. Like mainly the main indian instrument. People know the cigar, right?
You
know?
basically
between a sitar and a violin I guess. Kind of yeah.
Oh no, I've tried it. But no, that's like it requires a lot more practice over the years.
It is hollow, but it's covered by like, I think it's a goat skin or something like that. Yeah. And in the base of a sitar is just like a pumpkin.
Um well one, it's like a plucking instrument instead of using a boat, you have to plug each sound. So like, I don't know how to
like is there a western?
You gotta fuck it. And also the strings that you play are much thicker and so you gotta pull them back like with your finger and it's really painful. I've tried it. Yeah.
Uh I'm basically, so I took spanish in high school and I just used worked off of that knowledge. So I'm I think I've completed all of the like level one things and now I'm just going Forward like getting five crowns in each section.
no,
I don't do that. So I first took the test that they allow you to do and I tested out of it and then now I just like the ones that are cracked, I'll do them at the beginning of the day and then I'll do like the other level two, level three, level four level five like one each day. Yeah
I
How far?
that's a lot. But like I lose interest in dual Ingle like every two or three months and then I'll forget about it for like half a year and then come back to it for two months again and then forget about it again.
well that's impressive. My longest streak was maybe like 50 days. Yeah, so I'm not that committed to it.
towards the beginning I like got obsessed with learning all of the languages so I like added german german and then french and then italian too and I like I just got overwhelmed by it all.
Yeah. Yeah so now I'm just sticking with spanish because I realized if I become fluent in spanish
that's
like
you're pretty close to learning italian as well, so then after that learning italian shouldn't be that hard or any of the other romantic languages. Yeah.
I feel like all the eastern languages are so much harder to learn like mandarin or japanese or korean or anything like that,
like a completely different alphabet and like and the like the way they pronounce
their words, you need like specific vocal training to do that.
Yeah I can hear you.
um my wife is working.
Did I try refreshing it or something?
Yeah, I can hear you.
I refreshed
it so I guess it, yeah.
Arabic, I guess what?
yeah, so is she like fluent in Arabic or something?
I feel like I remember reading somewhere that Mandarin had like more than 100,000 characters that Children need to like memorize just just to be able to read the newspaper or something like that. I don't know where I read that was like five years ago or something. Yeah.
I'm, I'm thinking
it's probably like there's different parts of the each character that means something and so like it's basically just connecting them to make new words. Yeah
woman.
I was just gonna say I watched Money on that flight.
And then I yeah, it's not on netflix but I watched this other show in spanish. My spanish teacher in high school actually introduced me to it, I forgot the name but it was a really good show. But the thing is dual angle, I think it's like you get a choice between like mexican spanish and then cast
school. Yeah. So like I feel like dual Ingle, I'm learning the mexican spanish, so it's like hard to understand any spanish shows that take place in spain or anything that
the dialect
are completely different. I feel like
is it in spanish? I'll take it out then. Yeah. Very
good.
obviously.
All of it.
Well
On
well
Oh, so it's in spanish too.
I
was
okay. So I'll definitely check out Narcos and then locked up. Yeah.
did it?
What?
You
know like are they making a new season for money? Text or not
obvious?
Yeah. Oh, but what have you seen your season?
but when Nairobi was shot, I was heartbroken.
I think I think she does. She gets shot in the middle of her head by the security guard.
She got in like the third season I think and she doesn't die. But in the fourth season she gets shot like right in the middle of her head by the security guard.
No but
she's
definitely dead. I think Like
90% now I'm like 80 sure is
she died?
out?
100.
I will.
It was great talking to you too.
Yeah I did one just yesterday actually and then I got like stood up two times and then one time the other person canceled. What about you?
let's
go.
Let's hope each of us like the other person shows up for the next one. All right.