Thanks.
I'm melissa
melissa. So
us going all right? It's been a long it's been a long month I moved so
uh same town, so I'm in the middle of pennsylvania but it was just downsizing apartments because the roommate moved out. So what? Yeah.
Oh so I grew up in philadelphia area, but I'm in state college now, so I'm like dead center of the state.
I don't know where that is. Uh huh.
it's going pretty good. I mean I I had a I was like sick two weeks ago and it wasn't Covid I got tested but I got quarantined from my work. So today was the first day I was allowed to go back to my workplace. So
that
was
I'm just a researcher so like I can work from home, but there's certain computer stuff that I can't access from home. So I had to like go in and like check all my, you know that everything I had left running had finished. And so I was like digging through data just like because like no one else can like go through myself either. So I was just like don't fail. And they like and they like they locked me out of the building, they're like your key card access is revoked and I was like cool.
which is good. But yeah,
for this one of those things.
it's made things tricky and there, you know my work lists trying to be very safe with everyone. So there are certain things like, oh the computer lab is restricted to four people at a time. So like in like, You know, so there because they want to maintain six ft of distance even between like the desks. And so they're like, like you can we'll make a schedule. So we basically have like an inner office calendar where you just kind of like, you know, hey I'm going to be in there. So the early times were open and I was like, well I want to be in every day because I have stuff that, you know, I have to check. So I ended up go I go in at like six a.m. Now every day.
Yeah, I mean it were eight way works and then my husband gets up to go to the gym at like the same time, so now we're like actually kind of on the same schedule. He's like he's going to the gym and I'm like, well I'm going to work, see you.
He hates, he hates going after work so much. He's like I'm just gonna go like 5.30. He was like you can't stop me. I was like
those aren't board games, those are puzzles. But I have, I actually have like I have like two bookshelves full of board games. I think like my board game geek is like Like I'm my own like 250 or so games, some of them
are micro games.
have like I guess I have a favorite type, I'm like really into work replacement. Um I do have a favorite game, but it is definitely a filler game, Like it's only like like it's like 15, 20 minutes, it's called sunset over water.
So
it's
like
it's a really simple puzzle game. There's a game designer called, it's like dr Finn's games and like most of this stuff are fillers but he's like king of the filler games and it's just this like really soothing like abstract game where it's like, so um there's no like first like player order is determined, so everyone has a personal deck of cards and every round you draw three, pick one and put the other two on the bottom of the deck. And so every part has a like time you wake up because you're an artist getting up early to go to go paint landscape
paintings. So it's the time you wake up. Um It's how it's the directions you can move in and how many spaces you can move And then how many paintings you can pick up. So you basically move your little meatball over this like five x five grid and pick up these landscape paintings so that you can sell them for a different, like there's there's different like request cards. Um so the time you wake up determines player order. But it's also like it's a tradeoff normally like the later times allow you to pick up way more paintings but you can't move over empty spaces on the grid so the people who go before you might block the direction you want it to go.
And so you have
sunset over water.
No I'm into both. I have
um those those so those boxes like on top there like the cardboard box and stuff. That's oh wait no that's not. I lied my PS two and my we they're all over like here in a pile. So
I have
now I have a I have a PS two. I have a we I have a wii u I have a switch, I have a PS three and I have a PS four and I have a DS lite And a new three DS. Yeah.
I'm not going to get it when it comes out. I just don't have time anymore to I to play that frequently. So I've been like actually I was when the last leg big playstation game store there was like a UBI soft sale and I think I bought I actually ended up buying
all of the Assassin's Creed games
because I only played through the CIA trilogy and I started three and I never finished it. So it's like this is going to be my big thing, I'm going to buy all the assassin's creed games and I am not buying another video game until I finish them. So I finished three, I finished liberation and I'm like 65% of the way through black flag. And
so
then
I
no
then there's there's Rogue, it's like weird because it's Rogue
and Unity because they came out at the same time but rob only came out on the PS three and Unity came out in the PS four. But then of course Rogue has a remastered PS four version and then there's syndicate and then there's the origins and
there's origins and what's the Roman 1? Odyssey, Odyssey and origins and of course Valhalla is coming out now so also
I
don't know I have a cat if you're interested
in seeing
that.
sure. So
bingo, there's another one named lucy but she's not so he just left. All right bye.
He came with the name. Yeah we got him at a shelter. We actually I mean I met the person who named him because they were volunteers so they found him as a stray and they like took care of them for a while and so they named him and brought him in and then like through a weird course of events I found someone who knew his original owner. Um So that was like yeah so that was like it was like a coworker and he was like oh like he I don't even remember how the conversation started but I was like oh I had the cat named bingo and he was like did you adopted from the shelter? And I was like yeah and he's like I hate that cat because he was apparently my cat was a stray cat in his neighborhood and ripped open his screen when he was a stray. And I was
like he's like he's like you owe me a screen window. And I was like it wasn't my cat yet. No, I don't.
I
don't think it works like that. The game named Christie was screened. But
Yeah we've had him for we've had him for five years now. Um He has a biting problem that came I think within the stray but we've mostly trained him out of it. And he only writes me and my husband he's never like been a guest or anything. But I mean I'm always like you can it's only when he gets riled up. So like you know I'm like hey
let's, yeah and I'm like let's not play with the cat because he didn't learn how to scratch. You learned how to bite. And so someone will be like oh I'm gonna rub. It's really really hard. I'm like no you're not going you don't want to do
that.
Yeah. I was like I was like oh he's tempting you I I know he's tempting you but he will bite
well. Like sometimes you know you can go in like real gentle and you're like I'm just gonna put my hand here. We're just gonna but people like but some people like try to dog belly rub and then it's like, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's how you get back.
All
No, no.
No.
Soldier. They and it takes forever to heal too. Because like, I get that a lot. Like, we're like, you know, they like, you know, sometimes like if you have a cat you get scratched, it just happens like sometimes
you're playing with them. Sometimes they're just like, they just get annoyed and you'll be like, hey, what's up? And I'll just reach up and smack and you're like, cool, whatever. Um And like, with the side of the finger and the palm ones are the absolute worst because then like, every time you move your hand, you're just like re popping it. But and it was always
like, no, no.
Uh I have to think about it for four years.
Yeah, We we did like, we tried to do the cheapest wedding we could while still doing a wedding. Um and
I
were
fortunate enough that my parents were like, my mom was like my parents paid for our wedding, we want to pay for your wedding. And so that was like really lucky
for us, but I think we came in And we like there was stuff I didn't tell my mom about that I paid for because I was like, I felt that I was like, I was like I'll pay
for this, it's fine. Um so I think like it ended up being like $9,000 but we had like 70 guests. Um we had it in a ski lodge but like in summer so it was like in a, we were like on top of a mountain um and so there's a good view which was nice because my husband's like my family's from philadelphia but my husband's family's all in either indiana or Tampa, so
we come from flat flat places and we were like climb this mountain with us. Um I had I got a really good idea from my aunt, she did this and I was like oh you know what we gotta do this? Um So we got a shuttle that we were like everyone should get a room at this hotel, you know, I got the hotel block discount and then I was like and we got a bus so that people don't have to drive, so I was like hey there's a drunk bus, like don't worry about bringing a car, I don't worry about this, don't worry about that. And it was like when my Aunt had done it they'd use like the hotel shuttle. Um And we ended up looking into and like none of the hotels how to shuttle that they could use because they're like a shuttle for like nine people. So we straight up had a school bus delivering people to and from the wedding,
so that was fun. And then
I
little crazy.
No, no, you go ahead and because I'm changing changing tack.
No,
no, it took him straight to the, took him straight lodge. There was so they do have a ski lift and they were like, we can, they were like, you can rent the ski lift for the wedding, but I didn't think enough people would want to do it because like you have to buy it, buy the tickets, right? So it's like, oh you by 30 tickets or you buy like 50 tickets. And I was like, we didn't know if enough people would be interesting that like I pulled people and they're like I don't really want to ride a ski lift during your wedding and I was like okay that's fair enough. Um.
I was like I was like I kind of want to do it but there was like a minimum order amount and I was just like uh we did have a DJ but we did not do flowers or um photo photographer. We actually used an app that like allowed everyone to sink their
like so so we were like just take picture, everyone just take pictures of your phone. And like every place heating we have the little card like with the QR code and the website and it was like just log in here is the log in information and upload any photos you take. And then at the end I just downloaded every single photo to my computer that anyone had taken in our wedding. Um
So
that was,
we
got some really good shots. Um The only thing I kind of regret is we didn't really get recordings of the speeches. Well, so like it's not true. It's like because I had family members, My uncle was like, oh well I recorded your dad's speech and I was like, cool, can you give that to me? And like, I never got it. So like I guess I could have been more vigilant tracking things down. But I mean, I guess we also we we bought um thank you cards and never sent them. Like we just never got around to setting the thank you cards. And I think about that sometimes I'm like, do we send in lunch four years? Do we just send it four years later? Just like things
are going
our way
I was thinking
of doing uh like and the funny thing is to the app we used at the time for the photos is gone now but we have it on the back of the thank you cards like go here to do the photo thing and I'm like and I'm like dude I was like dude we send these are like five year anniversary and just be like, hey
we're still really well um Been nice knowing you, this doesn't work anymore. Just cross it out.
our wedding
was
was
you're supposed to write the whole thing and I'm like, I don't even remember like what they gave us like um
I
was so weird and they said these, I might just like give them to some people to be like, hey remember that wedding Lupando like next time I see I'm just like, I have a bunch of these, you want one? Take take a thing.
Um The best part, the most fun I had at the wedding was the party favorite because I just went, I went crazy on if you've been an oriental trading co it's like, it's like
well,
it's like,
it's like, it's where you buy like, bulk, you know, party decorations and like favorites and you can buy like a case of like 200 rubber ducks, like stuff like that, I guess. Um So every table, so we get what we did was we gave everyone a treasure chest at their place seating. And then every table had a giant bucket of toys, like slap bracelets, rubber ducks, like little the little elastic like things that you like flick it, you know? And it was like, and it was like fill your treasure chest with toys and
you
know, because
we, we met kids at our wedding to, we were like, people like, we bring kids and we were like, we don't care or like, I mean there's going to be drunk people here, but if you don't care, we don't care. So and
so
there,
I was like, I was like, you know, it's like, I'm not worried about your kids ruining anything. I'm worried about people ruining your kids. So if,
yeah. Oh, and that was, that was the thing we learned we could do because it was like, we wanted to tow the line between open bar and like cash bride with the wedding. So they actually let us do. So basically it was open bar for well drinks. So basically like bottom shelf is like, hey, we'll
pay for bottom shelf and anything
above that you can pay cash. And so that was just like the rule, we did and it was, it was like a nice chalkboard sign. It was like all well drinks are, you know, paid for by the bride and groom like, you know, stuff like that. Um
And
said,
although it's really funny because it was like literally only one thing from each liquor type was bottom shelf and then it was like a house wine for like, my dad was like, I want a shot, a fireball and they're like, you have to pay for that. Mm
happen.
yeah, but it's not, Yeah, I mean, I guess, but it was like, it was like, because it's like a cheap liquor but it's not, it's still not well drinks because like, I was, I mean I was drinking and people were like, oh, let me buy you an expensive
shot. And I was like, I don't care. I was like, we're paying for the well drink, I'll drink the well drinks. I was drinking like, bottom shelf tequila. I don't even care. Yeah,
it's like, it's fine, it's fine. Um Oh, and instead of a cake, we got a cupcake tower, so that we had five different flavors of cupcakes because
we were like,
we
want
multiple
flavors.
it was just us. Um It was mostly me because he just doesn't like he like, I don't mean in a bad way, but he didn't really have an opinion. I was like, do you hear about this? And he was just like, do whatever. Like, he literally, the only thing he had opinion about was like, one of the cupcake flavors. He was like, well, I want this flavor of cupcake.
It was the I think it was the peanut butter chocolate one. Mine was carrot cake, I was like, we're having carrot cake. Um
And
how you
well the top of our tower too, because we did want to cut a case at the top of our tower had like a six inch diameter carrot cake on the top, so that we got to cut that. But then and then it like teared down, and it was like,
I'm not even sure what flavors we had, we had a white wedding cake,
we had a carrot cake, we had a red velvet, and then I think it was the chocolate peanut butter, I think there was a 5th one, but maybe I'm wrong. I'm not actually even sure, I'm sure
I have
it in a picked
having been one
of
my pictures. Oh,
well, we actually still go back to that um cupcake shop for our anniversary every year. And get cupcakes like
in town were like, well that's that's like our thing were like, because they're like they're pretty indulgent cupcakes, so it's like we get to go four times a year, it's like anniversary, each of our birthdays and valentine's day, we get cupcakes,
we're
always
just like
a yeah, we're like we're like oh it's cupcake day.
Yeah, pretty much, I'm like, hey hey, you know what, what happens, cupcakes?
Cupcakes happen? No, so
How
uh so, Well I guess what I've been playing most recently is I'm actually going back and I'm like 100% ng the adventure maps and hire a warriors. Have you played viral warriors?
No,
it's a, what's it called, uh muscle game, so it's like like you've never seen Dynasty Warriors or like samurai warrior, so it's that but it's all legend of Zelda characters, so there's they have they have not had a Fire emblem warriors game too high. Real Warriors by far has more content because every character has a completely unique move set and multiple characters have multiple move sets. But fire emblem warriors. Actually, a lot of people like share the same move set, which I guess makes sense with, like it's kind of the same with fire among games, it's like if you're the same class, you have the same move set and that's just how it works. But um
Hi role like H Y R
U
L
E.
it's
actually the only one I've ever played. Um I'm
one of those people who has the bad habit of buying games and then never getting to them, so I like on my ds I own um the what's the my own Majoras mask and Ocarina, but I've never gotten around to playing them and I'm like oh and I have twilight princess too because I have the wii u version of that. Um But I mean I have a lot of switch games like the bayonet, a games, I love meta, I've been playing a lot of indie games lately, so I've been playing Children of more to which is like a it's a Rogue Line.
I do recommend it, I will say I bought it on sale, so I think I bought it for like $10.
I
don't know what
it's
normal prices, I'm not sure what it's normal prices and it might be like in the high twenties, so I'm not sure if it quite reaches that, but it's a it's a rogue lite but it's actually pretty neat because the story progresses every time you die. So like it's like when you,
so it's you know, so it's like the procedural dungeons uh and you end up getting seven playable characters and I think they're actually still adding new content. I think it's one of those games where they're like oh we're just gonna keep giving free updates every once in a while.
Um So there's like seven playable characters and they're all like a family and it's like and it's you know, it's like you unlock new dungeon every time you get to the end of one, but it might take like 10 15 tries to get to the end of a dungeon. But every time you die you level up and the story progresses and that's how you unlock more characters because you start the game with only two and then each time you die, the story progresses a little more and then another character is old enough to join the battle, you know, kind of thing.
and it's, you know, they're like kind of like standard classes, you've got like, you're you're like palette, any person in your warrior type person and your archer and all that, but I I mean I'm having a lot of fun with it um I don't know, but I don't know, I have a lot of games and then it's like trying to think of them, you're like, what have I been playing?
But
you
handle
cross,
I've never been able to get into animal crossing, I've tried a couple of times, but it's just the I don't I don't know, I'm not good at it, it's like, it's like, I don't know what to do, so I kind of sit around and I'm just like and I also like, it's one of the things I was like, I never have time to play until it's like night time and then everyone to sleep and I'm like do something but like time progresses at real speed and then okay it's just gonna be the weirdest complaint on the game. But I had so I had the D. S. One uh like it was like something wild I think. Um
And do you like, I don't know, it's like I had the Ds lite, so it had the on off switch was like a like a little toggle and so it's sort of like an actual switch, it was like you would flick it and it would flip it on and off and it was right on the side of the D. S. And so I would constantly accidentally turn it off while I was playing it. And I would absolutely turn back like animal crossing. And then when you come back into the game like the mole comes out of the ground and yells at you for five minutes about like not saving your game before
closing it. And so like that's like the thing I remember most about it is that I would get back to the game and this mole would just yell at me and be like, it was an accident. I'm sorry. Just let me play.
You
know,
you're like, come on, come on, I'm done. I know. I'm sorry. Uh
No.
State
college.
Hey college.
Yeah. So it's
like, it's
like
center.
Well,
it's like almost completely square. So it's like if you want to cross it from either way you, it's like the same distance, it's more of a rectangle, but like it's still pretty long in both directions.