Yeah I'm abby. Mhm.
Alyssa
melissa, nice to meet you, how's it going?
Oh wow, where'd you move from? And to
in pennsylvania? My mom was born there.
Oh wow okay. She grew up in um the tanning, it's really small so you might not know where it is.
but yeah this is so interesting to me, just like meeting people and getting paid 15 bucks. Um Yeah, how's your day going?
do
you do
for work?
Whoa. It took it very seriously. Okay
yeah
Yeah for sure definitely on monday um my partner, she was a researcher and there was a lot of things that she couldn't do out of the office um Like I'm like I'm not sure the same research but um there's a lot of like very private things that she couldn't access outside of the office like VPN and things like that so definitely makes sense. Um That's cool. Yeah.
Oh my God. So that's like your time slot.
both productive, both things that are productive. Um That's very, I'm very impressed by your husband going to the gym that early. Um
Yeah, I mean, yeah, when I was going to the gym and like doing that definitely, there was a lot of a post work jim is just packed and so maybe before we get a lot better. Um but yeah, I see you have a lot of board games, Not that I'm creeping, but I see they have a lot of board games I think underneath.
that's
That's awesome. Okay. So do you have like a favorite game? Yeah.
Oh, I'm in
dirty.
Not
willing.
Whole.
What's,
what's this game called? All
Sounds the sunset over water. Gotcha. And are you as into video games as you are board games or do you think that like it's primarily board games?
No.
Are
those your two councils or even more?
so I have a Nintendo switch um Which I love, I adore. Are you going to get the PS five when it comes out?
but
that
Is
there
another
one after black flag or is that the last
one
bro?
Oh, you have a lot to go, You, you definitely
how do we
create?
I saw
the tail,
I saw the tail. Um my little, my little icon is like kind of blocking the cat, but I saw the tail come up at one point. Um
What's your cat's name?
yeah, I think it was such a cute name. Did you think of that? Or did it come? Did they come with a name?
my
I don't think responsibility. That was before I owned this cat. Oh my God that's
so funny.
Yeah. Oh my gosh! Is being the more well behaved now is that you won't you have him?
gets like overstimulated
No.
Do you know do you know cats like please don't.
they do that, they're like um pat me and you're like don't go for the belly even if it looks like it
broke with
and I have a dog in the house. Yeah and so and I tell you get bit um but one of my friends had a cat and she was getting her cat like revved up on catnip when we were hanging out. And
I was being I was being super dumb and I was like, the cats show me their belly and like, I'm just gonna put it softly and hopefully it's ok. No, this cat was so fucking like high, I don't know what it was, it was like jacked. And so this pad, this kind of just like took his nails and just went down the center
of my hand. Really bad. Really,
It
definitely.
I mean, yeah. So how long have you and your husband been married?
Four years that I asked him, what was your wedding, like my my uh fiance and I we don't know what we're gonna do right now, because it's kind of it, but I always love hearing about people's weddings.
I
like
it.
That's awesome.
Well,
the very flat.
That's
So
that people find
go ahead. No, it's ok.
No, I was I was gonna ask like to the people crying climb up the mountain after getting off the bus for the wedding
or like
I would be into it. But you know to each their own.
Whoa.
do you feel
like
do you feel like in place of the photographer, do you figure is still able to get some really quality shots from people I
guess?
We're still
so
grateful for
for coming.
And
Yeah, exile every single one. I mean it could be like five years later, we're still so grateful. Like thank you so much, by
the way, this
app doesn't
exist. It's so memorable. Your your presence with like yeah, no, you know what things come up and I feel like thank you cards are that's a lot of work. And so they made
You can just say, I don't even know. Yeah, they might be lost.
five.
Yeah.
do I know that name
for
your home?
that
makes
sense.
That's a
good rule
of thumb.
Right. Right. Like there are these young people like and you're okay with that.
Just
but
But if you are a
great
goose, you pay for that yourself.
my God. Fireballs
not fire barrel is not low shot, not what you call it, bottom shelf. It's, it's more, it's a higher tier.
I.
Right.
That's
So did you,
did
you
and your
husband, did you and your husband planet together or like did you have a wedding planner or if its budget, you probably planted them.
What was the flavor?
hell yeah. Care kicks
my favorite
kind of cake.
I
thanks.
I
mean
you have
good
memory.
You have really a memory four years ago about everything. That's really cool.
love that.
I
like
those
rules.
Oh, counting down to one of your birthdays. It's cupcake time.
That's
You're in Pennsylvania says Eastern Time 5 22. Um, I was wondering what switch games you have before? We're done talking if you're,
if you're a video game enthusiasts like, and I it's the one that I connect with the most.
No,
no, I haven't heard that way.
Area. Lord. How do you spell that here?
hi. Real
high
real
high roll. Yeah I play the well being that I have is rather the wild like everyone come this
year
thing.
Yeah. Yeah I know that one. Do you recommend it? I was looking at it in the tender shop. Yeah.
Good good.
Always
on
sale.
that's cool.
Mobile.
that's cool. I like that.
You make me want to play, I've been playing
a lot of mortal kombat and animal crossing so you make me want to go play them now.
I'm
like I
I what do you think about that?
I know what you're talking about. I don't remember the name.
on
it's just it's like B B baby like like pressing
all
the buttons.
man. Well yeah
I mean, I can say, I think we're out of time, we're not out of time, but like, we're at time. Um Well, it was awesome talking to you and getting to know someone in, wait, uh where'd you say you live in pennsylvania? Penn College, State
town?
No,
Stay college. Okay. I was like, I got it. Um
but
now
I just wanna play
video games. Yeah, when we drove to uh me and my little brother drove through pennsylvania. I have friends, family in pennsylvania in Pittsburgh, and we drove through the Bethesda and it's just such a, such a long state, it's such a
long state.
yes, it absolutely is. Um But yeah, it was awesome talking to you, getting to know another person during quarantine. Um But yeah, I'm gonna pay me compliments, which now all right, it's nice to talk to you by melissa