SPEAKER_L: Yes yes so. Mhm. Alright. Alright I was just yeah yeah yeah. Yeah. What bothers me? What? Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. More right. Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Hi I think a little bit later I was practicing.
SPEAKER_L: No problem. Uh practicing what?
SPEAKER_R: violin. Yeah come on. Double major. Yeah my name is Alex Kids Songs,
SPEAKER_L: My name is Ray,
SPEAKER_R: Nice to meet you. Right um So uh what do you work in?
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: What's
SPEAKER_L: call
SPEAKER_R: your field
SPEAKER_L: it?
SPEAKER_R: or what are you majoring in if you're in college?
SPEAKER_L: I'm disabled actually. Uh Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Oh no worries
SPEAKER_L: I am working on uh I. T. Certifications so that yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Really cool because actually I mentioned earlier I was double major right? So I'm doing um so my first major is music pedagogy which is pretty much performance but mostly geared towards like understanding the philosophy. And the second major is actually B. C. S. I. T. Yeah. Yeah so I'm just doing I. T. General because I was thinking maybe your cybersecurity like are you are you just doing I. T. Certifications? Are they like I. T. With like some cyber or some focus on them?
SPEAKER_L: Right now it's just the uh google certifications on coursera. Just
SPEAKER_R: I was like
SPEAKER_L: take it.
SPEAKER_R: what are the certifications entail? Sorry the connections kind of office sent me to cut you off.
SPEAKER_L: It's um mostly just uh intro stuff right now. Uh Currently I'm focusing on the course is focusing on operating system. Oh it's To the certification is to prep you to be a level one tech so it's mostly I'm using it to see if this is actually a field I'm interested in pursuing what.
SPEAKER_R: I see. Yeah that makes sense to do it. I
SPEAKER_L: Trouble.
SPEAKER_R: mean. Yeah that's a that's a lot better than you know going to college and like you know spending god knows what for the semester then finding out like this
SPEAKER_L: the college prices have kind of it uh out there.
SPEAKER_R: absurd. Yeah. But since um remember just not offensive. But then since you're disabled don't you get reduced tuition? Because I know some universities like I know some communities at some university they do either like almost all of it or the entire tuition reduced like gone.
SPEAKER_L: some do I haven't actually looked into the one here, it's when I need to research eventually but I'm trying to figure
SPEAKER_R: That.
SPEAKER_L: out things before I actually start researching that because I I I don't wanna go down that path and have all that money spent. Uh just to find out it's not something that's going to work for me.
SPEAKER_R: Oh I see. That makes complete sense. If you know what we asking, where do you live at? What area
SPEAKER_L: Bargain
SPEAKER_R: Oregon
SPEAKER_L: or
SPEAKER_R: all. I don't know. What organism in Virginia. Is that like south or east East
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: west?
SPEAKER_L: actually shocked how many people don't know how we're Oregon is. Uh you know where Washington is?
SPEAKER_R: on the like the very top corner.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah we're just south of Washington between Washington and California.
SPEAKER_R: Oh I was thinking you guys were like in the middle of the U. S. Was like probably organs in the middle. Okay so that's so then what time is it for you because right now it's six for me. So you must be at like uh
SPEAKER_L: Three
SPEAKER_R: like yeah I was about to say three because I had a friend who lived in Cali for a bit because she's
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: my friend who goes to Gm you so when she went back to Cali it was like a five hour difference. Certainly that
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's
SPEAKER_R: I see. But
SPEAKER_L: early in the day here but
SPEAKER_R: yeah I see. Yeah it's kind of late for me. So like You know I'm already trying to finish, I'm trying to finish a project right now for my my IT. courses. It's like it's due at 11 and I'm almost done with it. But it's like um I have to use Photoshop to like make a logo for some like it's like a simulation. Like I I only like I'm advertising company have to make the logo for the company. It's stupid,
SPEAKER_L: that's not actually it. That's a graphic design. Very different fields.
SPEAKER_R: I know, but it's in the it's so stupid, right? It's I. T. To 13 in. It's called web design or elements of web design, something like that. But I have to take it because I am a general I. T. And even if I was cybersecurity, I don't have to take that because this goes to dreamweaver Photoshop and something else africa. The third one is this barrel Dobie.
SPEAKER_L: Basic web design I can see that being under it. So you can uh it would help understand what's going on with the websites if you're hoping to but uh knowing how to use Photoshop isn't actually part of that.
SPEAKER_R: I know it's really weird because like even I was questioned, but I have to take this course. I mean like I can't understand Dreamweaver, but then I think you've heard of Wordpress, right? Yeah, no one uses Dreamweaver because because Wordpress is a thing. That's the reason Wordpress is like 1000 times better. And Dreamweaver, I mean you can sit there for hours and still have like, you know, still we still have the page relatively empty because you have to find like all these um all like the you have to know how to pretty much have not only how html works, but how like the source code for Dreamweaver works and how to operate. It's really confusing. I hate it.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Yeah having I. T. People go into art scenes. Yeah. Uh huh. Although
SPEAKER_R: Or
SPEAKER_L: I do actually know how to use Photoshop but I do quite a bit of art and uh three D. work so Photoshop kind of requirement.
SPEAKER_R: always. Yeah, that makes sense. I mean for me um I'm not good with heart. That's what I can't draw. That's why my music, I can't I cannot draw like I have been here training so um but like I guess that would make sense. Um for our but do you like do you pirate yours or do you actually have to pay the description?
SPEAKER_L: I paid the subscription. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Because I tried to pirate mine. I could not.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah I know I've been there uh back before they even had subscription options
SPEAKER_R: trump.
SPEAKER_L: with the dark days. Where?
SPEAKER_R: Oh so you were here, wait, When you were around like you're back in like you know the phrase back in your day? What? Really like was it just Internet explorer seven or like no, like, you know Windows
SPEAKER_L: back
SPEAKER_R: seven? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'm back win 95 days.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my God, So you're back with the dinosaur computers? Like my sister? Oh my
SPEAKER_L: I grew up on BBS
SPEAKER_R: they're not.
SPEAKER_L: this and things like that.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that time. Yeah, that's like I was born 2011. So by the time I actually remembering things, it was already relatively like we're gonna really like Windows seven at that 70.2000 like 56 Windows seven, Windows six.
SPEAKER_L: I think so. I'm not sure. Uh
SPEAKER_R: But Yeah, because I just like when I look back at it now, anything before like 2004, like the dark ages with dialogue. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: dialogue was fun. Although I didn't have cable internet when I was 14 so. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: well, but then
SPEAKER_L: Okay that was
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: when
SPEAKER_R: would
SPEAKER_L: cable internet was first starting
SPEAKER_R: that's why, because I was like if it existed then why did some people use it was like, okay, that's why. So if you don't mind me asking, what were you born,
SPEAKER_L: 82.
SPEAKER_R: 82? Okay so you're like before my bit before my sister because my sister was 74. Oh that's before Oh my God no 94 74 S that's my mom is 94.
SPEAKER_L: 74 is a little bit before my time to. Yeah. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I definitely had had but different experience with the internet, but yeah uh back when my brother was in college, the professors were actually telling you what sites to go to download, Pirated copy of all of the software because they didn't have educational licenses and all of that back then. Mm.
SPEAKER_R: yeah and it wasn't part of the they have contract that they do now with adobe and all that.
SPEAKER_L: Uh So yeah for a while I was using the educational version of Maya. Uh And uh then they stop, they pulled
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: the free educational version, so I've switched over to blender and Fortunately Adobe does a $10 Photoshop subscription.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's kind of, I mean I know for the student one you what starts with the student one is you can't get the single one is you can't just give one so you have to get all of it. Which I'm stuck with because again I try to pirate it. Not just like every time I saw like a somewhat uh somewhat yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: somewhat reliable source, it always told me like, you know, application invalid or something like that. Like you know install the delivery like
SPEAKER_L: Enough.
SPEAKER_R: hated that because you
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: know you're paying for a program
SPEAKER_L: mama.
SPEAKER_R: but your licensing which is stupid.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, the whole subscription model idea has really got a little bit too far, especially with the uh this type of software. Right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I feel like adobe is like ubi soft equivalent of like code. Right? Is it just me?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that that makes a lot of sense over, I have to say auto desk is 1000 times worse.
SPEAKER_R: I don't I don't even know what that is. What is that?
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Auto desk. Uh Have you heard of AutoCAd?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I think I have. But um what's the
SPEAKER_L: three DS Max?
SPEAKER_R: three DS Max Lair but not Maya.
SPEAKER_L: Uh There are basically three D. Software. Auto cat is big in uh industrial design. Maya three Ds max are generally for uh production are like movies and games. Uh And their subscriptions tend to be um 2 3000 a year. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: But are they even like for Maya that is uh in three D. And three D. Are they even better than adobe or they just like the same thing? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: adobe doesn't do three D. Adobe does the two D. Part of it. You still if you want to do three D. Art you need a three D. Software and then you also need something like Photoshop or substance painter to do the textures that you put on them. So you actually have to have Multiple subscriptions to be in the three D. field. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Oh wait but then what like what's your rig set up? I'm on the laptop. That was in video though so I can have three D. But for
SPEAKER_L: I've
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: got a desktop. It's risen uh 5 36 100 with an R. TX 2060.
SPEAKER_R: 60? Nice. But that's uh that supports also like three D. Correct or three D. Text. Okay
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: so. Uh huh. Do you also feel like any like playing the games like Steam or Xbox or something?
SPEAKER_L: yes I played quite a bit of games that before I started doing the I. T. Work. That's actually what I was studying towards was art for Treaty Games. But that field is just such it's in so much chaos right now with crunch time and things like that. It's not something I would survive in.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and I heard about that fuel to it's the same thing goes for like coding for games because even before Kobe it was a mess but now it's even more so a mess
SPEAKER_L: yeah the whole
SPEAKER_R: are.
SPEAKER_L: game industry of uh we're going to work you 2 300 hours you're going to sleep in your office kind of thing is still going on and yeah
SPEAKER_R: mean at least you sleep in your own house but like still, I mean yeah the pay is pretty good because I know for like a developer especially like someone who knows code and works at a big franchise, they get paid like You know 50, 60 even more than that an hour.
SPEAKER_L: Business.
SPEAKER_R: But you're kind of slave at that point you're like a literal weight slave sucks. It's that.
SPEAKER_L: the coders and engineers they're they're the ones who make the big money comparatively. Although from what I've talked most of the people I've talked to if they were to actually drop out of the games industry moving to another field they would be making double what they currently making the games industry. Because uh coding is such a specialist art form
SPEAKER_R: Wait so
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: that was coding or are in general?
SPEAKER_L: well I do the art, but I know a lot of people who do the coding as well and you make a lot more money coding, not in the games industry,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that is
SPEAKER_L: your
SPEAKER_R: true
SPEAKER_L: soccer
SPEAKER_R: to like.
SPEAKER_L: development.
SPEAKER_R: I know. Oh yeah that is true like um I think you heard like micro no Lockheed martin. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: so we have actually microns like Um not that far it's like 10 minutes from here and the law keep Martin. Like we have like an actually a big building dedicated lucky morning it's like what five minutes six minutes. So I know they're like the position they're hard to get into but they're really good for like everything. It's it's It's one of these works like my plan is I have 2° for a reason so I too as a backup. And also just because you know um if another covid thing hits and if my plan goes through which I'm planning to be you know have a studio for teaching and perform or whatever but also being like on call for code and whatever. Like as an I. T. Other side security or just in the architecture like the architecture, you know part of the I. T. Staff I can work on call, I can still be kept kept up to date. And if something arises like covid I can just you know beforehand switch from on call to part time and have that just in case because I know students drop out.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's one of the reasons why I started the thing was because Covid there's pretty much no one in my area who knows how to use computers and things like that and there's no one to do it support for all of these people who live nearby who suddenly had to do remote working. The teachers had no idea how to set up computers. Nobody I could have actually uh been able to make a little bit of money off of uh people meeting help suddenly.
SPEAKER_R: All right. Yeah. I mean I do it but again, I don't have time because I'm so busy with all these projects. But yeah that sounds like a good plan I. T. But for like uh after like if you decide that it's a good field then so after you take the preliminary courses or like you know the courses that the you say google, right? So then you're going to search within the community college or some college and then pursue I. T. As an
SPEAKER_L: possibly.
SPEAKER_R: entire degree.
SPEAKER_L: It depends on uh if I don't actually need the degree to get into a decent job then I probably wouldn't go for the degree until later on, something to work on overtime. But uh it's just it really depends on what opportunities there are so far I'm seeing it is not quite as
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: easy to get into as gaming. Well okay gaming is not easy to get into but it's uh they look at your portfolio before anything else, you don't actually have to have any educational background to go into game development, you just have to have a good portfolio. Coders have a little bit harder time. Some companies prefer coders have full educational background but some don't care as long as they have a good get home.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. But yeah that makes sense. But yeah if you're doing I. T. Though like I know I. T. Like generally you know the difference in the I. T. And CS. Right? Computer science. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's gonna ask to like um I just want to make sure because you mentioned also like coding and all that because like I. T. How I know it's like yeah we can cope with your job or whatever but like we we don't make the programs specifically like yeah the I. T. Course I'm taking you to cybersecurity I don't make it I know how to operate it and how to troubleshoot it. And you know I tested pretty much whereas the CS people they sit in their chairs. I probably cry half the time and creating a program because all.
SPEAKER_L: I've tried doing the CS field to I'm decent encoding, but all of my solutions are hacky, which from the sounds of it is perfect for I. T.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I mean that's pretty much it yet because we can make the code that won't be efficient where CS it has to be efficient with sex. I mean like I learned, I'm still learning python. And java python is so much easier to make the job of the job was a pain in my ass because like it uh And the and
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: wish,
SPEAKER_R: and you know,
SPEAKER_L: I wish java would actually just actually tie job. Uh
SPEAKER_R: I can get it why it's used because it's even like, you know, it's even used by like Uber or whatever for their gps tracking or G. P. Like the whole strategy Uber how they work and job is used a lot. But like I just hate java.
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: many insecurities to it too. I
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: prefer C sharp, I know a bit of C plus plus python, I work
SPEAKER_R: received.
SPEAKER_L: out four times now and I just cannot get over the whole no semi colons thing and think not variables to me should be strongly. Uh It just annoys me.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I can see that. That makes sense because like yeah, because luckily I learned python first. If I learn java first, which they don't allow because they always they want python first. I would be out having trouble with. I would have yeah, I would have more trouble because java or doing java then going to python is like uh, what's the opposite of upgrade? Degrading?
SPEAKER_L: Great.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Downgrading its like, downgrading entirely. Like an entire like level or two. But whereas if it's the opposite, which we learn python or java, it's a straight upgrade. But it's much harder. But still. Yeah, because that's what I feel like. And um I'm pretty sure to like if anyone to ask me also like, well what should they learn first? I just say python that's like, that's like the basic
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's very powerful from what I've seen, but it's just doesn't really fit for me,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And job is all the crazy anyone ever uses java. Like speaking of games to before. What games do you play on steam then?
SPEAKER_L: a very, very wide variety of games. I
SPEAKER_R: You have to
SPEAKER_L: what,
SPEAKER_R: you have to
SPEAKER_L: DF two?
SPEAKER_R: Team fortress two.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I have played it, but I don't really get into the team shooter that much.
SPEAKER_R: I see.
SPEAKER_L: Destiny to the closest I come to team shooter.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, but you play that definitely to consistently.
SPEAKER_L: Not lately, but I did it for quite a while.
SPEAKER_R: When did you drop off? Because I was like, were you there from the very beginning a Destiny one or did you go to Destiny too? So they got it for pc
SPEAKER_L: I was there for Destiny. You want as well? It
SPEAKER_R: Year one Right here one, There's another year one veteran. Oh my God.
SPEAKER_L: it was definitely a change of pace from all the other normal M. O. S. And J. RPGS and things like that. And it took shooters to a whole new level, Frankly. Uh, most shooters are very topical.
SPEAKER_R: Come from Paula duty esque. That's what I don't like. But like the whole addition of abilities and all of that. That's what really like, that's just what I pretty much I just loved it because I was there from like, I wasn't there from when you that day one or just year one.
SPEAKER_L: probably month one.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I was actually year one, but I, I joined around Crow to and uh luckily I joined around Kuroda because I got to all the memes where you know, crude is just a strike is not a raid solo. You sold Dakota, right?
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, it's a rite of passage. You have to do it eventually.
SPEAKER_L: I do have the crowd a weapon the uh there's a there was a rare drop that you get. It's a hive weapon at which you then have to use to kill hive on the moon to upgrade it and then you upgrade it again and again. Until if I remember it, you do actually have to go in and kill Crow to to get the final form of the exotic. Never
SPEAKER_R: the I, the neck a chasm uh that's it. You did the whole thing. I never did it because
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: all I got was the husk.
SPEAKER_L: didn't finish the whole thing but
SPEAKER_R: Okay, good. Because like for me, all I got was the husk and I completed it just for fun. But then all my friends told me at that time, um, it's a waste of time because how garbage it was because they spent like God knows how long farming pro to over and over and you know, they still don't get the ice. I don't even get the accident stay. I never got the, I actually
SPEAKER_L: I found the weapon to be the husk
SPEAKER_R: three.
SPEAKER_L: to be really good actually. It was a fun weapon to use the speed of the shot.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's true. That's pretty good. And but also like you, you is also like that what's called the calving cash rifle. The very beginning using the multiplayer. Right?
SPEAKER_L: No I don't remember it.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, because I remember like uh me and my friends, I think I'm like this, it was the summer after for the summer around the law wolves, the wolves event, the wolves. You'll see. Uh Me and my friends found out that, I mean we found a personal youtube video but it was relatively small at the time that we found out that the beginning rifle, the caliber rifle was stupid, overpowered in multi player for like a low or you know the beginner weapon? It had like wicked, it had a wicked time to kill
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: like comparable
SPEAKER_L: it's scale.
SPEAKER_R: next
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: task. Yeah, so the only problem was it sucked, like, you know, you couldn't get that good reward. So the best thing to do is like right before the match ended, swap to you, you get the highest weapon and then get the rewards. But it was fun to pub stop. It was so fun. But yeah, it was definitely fun to pop stop. You did like all the raids. Right?
SPEAKER_L: What? Oh
SPEAKER_R: what was
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: it?
SPEAKER_L: I I didn't actually have a group of people to play with and I couldn't I could never find anyone who was willing to read with me
SPEAKER_R: How come
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: you didn't have gala horn? You didn't have gallery warm.
SPEAKER_L: the weapon. I
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Is that why? Right here?
SPEAKER_L: didn't even know anyone who was asking for it. I was using the group, find her Reddit and all of that for for the game. But I never could find anyone who is willing to play.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh, I see. That's why you like use LFG two. Right? Oh, that's strange because like you, I'm pretty sure you saw about maybe you forgot because all I remember from those days, like, especially all the way up until before oryx. So, um, a theon all the way up to access gala horn. You do not have a California kicked. Oh, those are so toxic. I remember that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You know their whole idea that you can't use raid finder because this stuff this content is just too hard is absolutely ridiculous because you know I've been playing these games since I was six years old. Uh you know every game I've seen that has raid finder. People figure out how to do it no matter what, crappy pickup group you get, people figure out how to do it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's surprising even like you pretty much want to pull out your own hair by the end of it, but you still get it done because that's what I noticed, too. Like we could be screaming at each other. Me and my, like my teammates are my uh group I'm in, but we somehow still finish it just shy of going insane.
SPEAKER_L: So the the excuse that a raid finder would wouldn't work just doesn't really fit.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, definitely. That's not a great one. But yeah, thanks for talking about the way. It was really, it was really nice to talk to you.
SPEAKER_L: let's talk to you to have we finished our 25?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well, 25. It's like 27, right? That
SPEAKER_L: well, have a good day.
SPEAKER_R: you, too.