Hi I think a little bit later I was practicing.
violin. Yeah come on. Double major. Yeah my name is Alex Kids Songs,
Nice to meet you. Right um So uh what do you work in?
What's
your field
or what are you majoring in if you're in college?
Oh no worries
Really cool because actually I mentioned earlier I was double major right? So I'm doing um so my first major is music pedagogy which is pretty much performance but mostly geared towards like understanding the philosophy. And the second major is actually B. C. S. I. T. Yeah. Yeah so I'm just doing I. T. General because I was thinking maybe your cybersecurity like are you are you just doing I. T. Certifications? Are they like I. T. With like some cyber or some focus on them?
I was like
what are the certifications entail? Sorry the connections kind of office sent me to cut you off.
I see. Yeah that makes sense to do it. I
mean. Yeah that's a that's a lot better than you know going to college and like you know spending god knows what for the semester then finding out like this
absurd. Yeah. But since um remember just not offensive. But then since you're disabled don't you get reduced tuition? Because I know some universities like I know some communities at some university they do either like almost all of it or the entire tuition reduced like gone.
That.
Oh I see. That makes complete sense. If you know what we asking, where do you live at? What area
Oregon
all. I don't know. What organism in Virginia. Is that like south or east East
west?
on the like the very top corner.
Oh I was thinking you guys were like in the middle of the U. S. Was like probably organs in the middle. Okay so that's so then what time is it for you because right now it's six for me. So you must be at like uh
like yeah I was about to say three because I had a friend who lived in Cali for a bit because she's
my friend who goes to Gm you so when she went back to Cali it was like a five hour difference. Certainly that
I see. But
yeah I see. Yeah it's kind of late for me. So like You know I'm already trying to finish, I'm trying to finish a project right now for my my IT. courses. It's like it's due at 11 and I'm almost done with it. But it's like um I have to use Photoshop to like make a logo for some like it's like a simulation. Like I I only like I'm advertising company have to make the logo for the company. It's stupid,
I know, but it's in the it's so stupid, right? It's I. T. To 13 in. It's called web design or elements of web design, something like that. But I have to take it because I am a general I. T. And even if I was cybersecurity, I don't have to take that because this goes to dreamweaver Photoshop and something else africa. The third one is this barrel Dobie.
I know it's really weird because like even I was questioned, but I have to take this course. I mean like I can't understand Dreamweaver, but then I think you've heard of Wordpress, right? Yeah, no one uses Dreamweaver because because Wordpress is a thing. That's the reason Wordpress is like 1000 times better. And Dreamweaver, I mean you can sit there for hours and still have like, you know, still we still have the page relatively empty because you have to find like all these um all like the you have to know how to pretty much have not only how html works, but how like the source code for Dreamweaver works and how to operate. It's really confusing. I hate it.
Or
always. Yeah, that makes sense. I mean for me um I'm not good with heart. That's what I can't draw. That's why my music, I can't I cannot draw like I have been here training so um but like I guess that would make sense. Um for our but do you like do you pirate yours or do you actually have to pay the description?
Because I tried to pirate mine. I could not.
trump.
Oh so you were here, wait, When you were around like you're back in like you know the phrase back in your day? What? Really like was it just Internet explorer seven or like no, like, you know Windows
seven? Yeah.
Oh my God, So you're back with the dinosaur computers? Like my sister? Oh my
they're not.
Oh, that time. Yeah, that's like I was born 2011. So by the time I actually remembering things, it was already relatively like we're gonna really like Windows seven at that 70.2000 like 56 Windows seven, Windows six.
But Yeah, because I just like when I look back at it now, anything before like 2004, like the dark ages with dialogue. Yeah.
well, but then
it
would
that's why, because I was like if it existed then why did some people use it was like, okay, that's why. So if you don't mind me asking, what were you born,
82? Okay so you're like before my bit before my sister because my sister was 74. Oh that's before Oh my God no 94 74 S that's my mom is 94.
Yeah.
yeah and it wasn't part of the they have contract that they do now with adobe and all that.
But
Yeah it's kind of, I mean I know for the student one you what starts with the student one is you can't get the single one is you can't just give one so you have to get all of it. Which I'm stuck with because again I try to pirate it. Not just like every time I saw like a somewhat uh somewhat yeah
somewhat reliable source, it always told me like, you know, application invalid or something like that. Like you know install the delivery like
hated that because you
know you're paying for a program
but your licensing which is stupid.
Yeah. I feel like adobe is like ubi soft equivalent of like code. Right? Is it just me?
I don't I don't even know what that is. What is that?
Yeah I think I have. But um what's the
three DS Max Lair but not Maya.
But are they even like for Maya that is uh in three D. And three D. Are they even better than adobe or they just like the same thing? Yeah.
Oh wait but then what like what's your rig set up? I'm on the laptop. That was in video though so I can have three D. But for
you
60? Nice. But that's uh that supports also like three D. Correct or three D. Text. Okay
so. Uh huh. Do you also feel like any like playing the games like Steam or Xbox or something?
Yeah and I heard about that fuel to it's the same thing goes for like coding for games because even before Kobe it was a mess but now it's even more so a mess
are.
mean at least you sleep in your own house but like still, I mean yeah the pay is pretty good because I know for like a developer especially like someone who knows code and works at a big franchise, they get paid like You know 50, 60 even more than that an hour.
But you're kind of slave at that point you're like a literal weight slave sucks. It's that.
Wait so
that was coding or are in general?
Yeah that is
true
to like.
I know. Oh yeah that is true like um I think you heard like micro no Lockheed martin. Yeah
so we have actually microns like Um not that far it's like 10 minutes from here and the law keep Martin. Like we have like an actually a big building dedicated lucky morning it's like what five minutes six minutes. So I know they're like the position they're hard to get into but they're really good for like everything. It's it's It's one of these works like my plan is I have 2° for a reason so I too as a backup. And also just because you know um if another covid thing hits and if my plan goes through which I'm planning to be you know have a studio for teaching and perform or whatever but also being like on call for code and whatever. Like as an I. T. Other side security or just in the architecture like the architecture, you know part of the I. T. Staff I can work on call, I can still be kept kept up to date. And if something arises like covid I can just you know beforehand switch from on call to part time and have that just in case because I know students drop out.
All right. Yeah. I mean I do it but again, I don't have time because I'm so busy with all these projects. But yeah that sounds like a good plan I. T. But for like uh after like if you decide that it's a good field then so after you take the preliminary courses or like you know the courses that the you say google, right? So then you're going to search within the community college or some college and then pursue I. T. As an
entire degree.
Well
Oh yeah. But yeah that makes sense. But yeah if you're doing I. T. Though like I know I. T. Like generally you know the difference in the I. T. And CS. Right? Computer science. Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah that's gonna ask to like um I just want to make sure because you mentioned also like coding and all that because like I. T. How I know it's like yeah we can cope with your job or whatever but like we we don't make the programs specifically like yeah the I. T. Course I'm taking you to cybersecurity I don't make it I know how to operate it and how to troubleshoot it. And you know I tested pretty much whereas the CS people they sit in their chairs. I probably cry half the time and creating a program because all.
Yeah I mean that's pretty much it yet because we can make the code that won't be efficient where CS it has to be efficient with sex. I mean like I learned, I'm still learning python. And java python is so much easier to make the job of the job was a pain in my ass because like it uh And the and
that's
and you know,
I can get it why it's used because it's even like, you know, it's even used by like Uber or whatever for their gps tracking or G. P. Like the whole strategy Uber how they work and job is used a lot. But like I just hate java.
So
But
received.
Yeah. I can see that. That makes sense because like yeah, because luckily I learned python first. If I learn java first, which they don't allow because they always they want python first. I would be out having trouble with. I would have yeah, I would have more trouble because java or doing java then going to python is like uh, what's the opposite of upgrade? Degrading?
Yeah. Downgrading its like, downgrading entirely. Like an entire like level or two. But whereas if it's the opposite, which we learn python or java, it's a straight upgrade. But it's much harder. But still. Yeah, because that's what I feel like. And um I'm pretty sure to like if anyone to ask me also like, well what should they learn first? I just say python that's like, that's like the basic
Yeah. And job is all the crazy anyone ever uses java. Like speaking of games to before. What games do you play on steam then?
You have to
you have to
Team fortress two.
I see.
Oh, but you play that definitely to consistently.
When did you drop off? Because I was like, were you there from the very beginning a Destiny one or did you go to Destiny too? So they got it for pc
Year one Right here one, There's another year one veteran. Oh my God.
Come from Paula duty esque. That's what I don't like. But like the whole addition of abilities and all of that. That's what really like, that's just what I pretty much I just loved it because I was there from like, I wasn't there from when you that day one or just year one.
Yeah, I was actually year one, but I, I joined around Crow to and uh luckily I joined around Kuroda because I got to all the memes where you know, crude is just a strike is not a raid solo. You sold Dakota, right?
Oh, it's a rite of passage. You have to do it eventually.
the I, the neck a chasm uh that's it. You did the whole thing. I never did it because
all I got was the husk.
Okay, good. Because like for me, all I got was the husk and I completed it just for fun. But then all my friends told me at that time, um, it's a waste of time because how garbage it was because they spent like God knows how long farming pro to over and over and you know, they still don't get the ice. I don't even get the accident stay. I never got the, I actually
three.
Yeah, that's true. That's pretty good. And but also like you, you is also like that what's called the calving cash rifle. The very beginning using the multiplayer. Right?
Oh, because I remember like uh me and my friends, I think I'm like this, it was the summer after for the summer around the law wolves, the wolves event, the wolves. You'll see. Uh Me and my friends found out that, I mean we found a personal youtube video but it was relatively small at the time that we found out that the beginning rifle, the caliber rifle was stupid, overpowered in multi player for like a low or you know the beginner weapon? It had like wicked, it had a wicked time to kill
like comparable
next
task. Yeah, so the only problem was it sucked, like, you know, you couldn't get that good reward. So the best thing to do is like right before the match ended, swap to you, you get the highest weapon and then get the rewards. But it was fun to pub stop. It was so fun. But yeah, it was definitely fun to pop stop. You did like all the raids. Right?
what was
it?
How come
you didn't have gala horn? You didn't have gallery warm.
Yeah. Is that why? Right here?
Yeah. Oh, I see. That's why you like use LFG two. Right? Oh, that's strange because like you, I'm pretty sure you saw about maybe you forgot because all I remember from those days, like, especially all the way up until before oryx. So, um, a theon all the way up to access gala horn. You do not have a California kicked. Oh, those are so toxic. I remember that.
Yeah. It's surprising even like you pretty much want to pull out your own hair by the end of it, but you still get it done because that's what I noticed, too. Like we could be screaming at each other. Me and my, like my teammates are my uh group I'm in, but we somehow still finish it just shy of going insane.
Yeah, definitely. That's not a great one. But yeah, thanks for talking about the way. It was really, it was really nice to talk to you.
Yeah. Well, 25. It's like 27, right? That
you, too.