Yes yes so. Mhm. Alright. Alright I was just yeah yeah yeah. Yeah. What bothers me? What? Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. More right. Hello?
No problem. Uh practicing what?
My name is Ray,
you
call
it?
I'm disabled actually. Uh Yeah
I am working on uh I. T. Certifications so that yeah.
Right now it's just the uh google certifications on coursera. Just
take it.
It's um mostly just uh intro stuff right now. Uh Currently I'm focusing on the course is focusing on operating system. Oh it's To the certification is to prep you to be a level one tech so it's mostly I'm using it to see if this is actually a field I'm interested in pursuing what.
Trouble.
the college prices have kind of it uh out there.
some do I haven't actually looked into the one here, it's when I need to research eventually but I'm trying to figure
out things before I actually start researching that because I I I don't wanna go down that path and have all that money spent. Uh just to find out it's not something that's going to work for me.
Bargain
or
I'm
actually shocked how many people don't know how we're Oregon is. Uh you know where Washington is?
Yeah we're just south of Washington between Washington and California.
Three
but
Yeah it's
early in the day here but
that's not actually it. That's a graphic design. Very different fields.
Basic web design I can see that being under it. So you can uh it would help understand what's going on with the websites if you're hoping to but uh knowing how to use Photoshop isn't actually part of that.
yeah. Yeah having I. T. People go into art scenes. Yeah. Uh huh. Although
I do actually know how to use Photoshop but I do quite a bit of art and uh three D. work so Photoshop kind of requirement.
I paid the subscription. Uh
Yeah. Yeah I know I've been there uh back before they even had subscription options
with the dark days. Where?
back
I'm back win 95 days.
I grew up on BBS
this and things like that.
I think so. I'm not sure. Uh
dialogue was fun. Although I didn't have cable internet when I was 14 so. Uh huh.
Okay that was
when
cable internet was first starting
82.
74 is a little bit before my time to. Yeah. Uh
Yeah I definitely had had but different experience with the internet, but yeah uh back when my brother was in college, the professors were actually telling you what sites to go to download, Pirated copy of all of the software because they didn't have educational licenses and all of that back then. Mm.
Uh So yeah for a while I was using the educational version of Maya. Uh And uh then they stop, they pulled
the free educational version, so I've switched over to blender and Fortunately Adobe does a $10 Photoshop subscription.
Yeah.
Enough.
No
mama.
Yeah, the whole subscription model idea has really got a little bit too far, especially with the uh this type of software. Right.
Yeah that that makes a lot of sense over, I have to say auto desk is 1000 times worse.
Mhm. Auto desk. Uh Have you heard of AutoCAd?
three DS Max?
Uh There are basically three D. Software. Auto cat is big in uh industrial design. Maya three Ds max are generally for uh production are like movies and games. Uh And their subscriptions tend to be um 2 3000 a year. Yeah.
adobe doesn't do three D. Adobe does the two D. Part of it. You still if you want to do three D. Art you need a three D. Software and then you also need something like Photoshop or substance painter to do the textures that you put on them. So you actually have to have Multiple subscriptions to be in the three D. field. Uh huh.
I've
got a desktop. It's risen uh 5 36 100 with an R. TX 2060.
Mhm.
yes I played quite a bit of games that before I started doing the I. T. Work. That's actually what I was studying towards was art for Treaty Games. But that field is just such it's in so much chaos right now with crunch time and things like that. It's not something I would survive in.
yeah the whole
game industry of uh we're going to work you 2 300 hours you're going to sleep in your office kind of thing is still going on and yeah
Business.
the coders and engineers they're they're the ones who make the big money comparatively. Although from what I've talked most of the people I've talked to if they were to actually drop out of the games industry moving to another field they would be making double what they currently making the games industry. Because uh coding is such a specialist art form
and
well I do the art, but I know a lot of people who do the coding as well and you make a lot more money coding, not in the games industry,
your
soccer
development.
Mhm.
Yeah, that's one of the reasons why I started the thing was because Covid there's pretty much no one in my area who knows how to use computers and things like that and there's no one to do it support for all of these people who live nearby who suddenly had to do remote working. The teachers had no idea how to set up computers. Nobody I could have actually uh been able to make a little bit of money off of uh people meeting help suddenly.
possibly.
It depends on uh if I don't actually need the degree to get into a decent job then I probably wouldn't go for the degree until later on, something to work on overtime. But uh it's just it really depends on what opportunities there are so far I'm seeing it is not quite as
easy to get into as gaming. Well okay gaming is not easy to get into but it's uh they look at your portfolio before anything else, you don't actually have to have any educational background to go into game development, you just have to have a good portfolio. Coders have a little bit harder time. Some companies prefer coders have full educational background but some don't care as long as they have a good get home.
Uh
Yeah.
I've tried doing the CS field to I'm decent encoding, but all of my solutions are hacky, which from the sounds of it is perfect for I. T.
I
wish,
I wish java would actually just actually tie job. Uh
so
many insecurities to it too. I
prefer C sharp, I know a bit of C plus plus python, I work
out four times now and I just cannot get over the whole no semi colons thing and think not variables to me should be strongly. Uh It just annoys me.
Great.
Yeah, it's very powerful from what I've seen, but it's just doesn't really fit for me,
a very, very wide variety of games. I
what,
DF two?
Oh yeah, I have played it, but I don't really get into the team shooter that much.
Destiny to the closest I come to team shooter.
Not lately, but I did it for quite a while.
I was there for Destiny. You want as well? It
it was definitely a change of pace from all the other normal M. O. S. And J. RPGS and things like that. And it took shooters to a whole new level, Frankly. Uh, most shooters are very topical.
probably month one.
No.
I do have the crowd a weapon the uh there's a there was a rare drop that you get. It's a hive weapon at which you then have to use to kill hive on the moon to upgrade it and then you upgrade it again and again. Until if I remember it, you do actually have to go in and kill Crow to to get the final form of the exotic. Never
I
didn't finish the whole thing but
I found the weapon to be the husk
to be really good actually. It was a fun weapon to use the speed of the shot.
No I don't remember it.
so
it's scale.
Well
What? Oh
no
I I didn't actually have a group of people to play with and I couldn't I could never find anyone who was willing to read with me
what
the weapon. I
didn't even know anyone who was asking for it. I was using the group, find her Reddit and all of that for for the game. But I never could find anyone who is willing to play.
Yeah. You know their whole idea that you can't use raid finder because this stuff this content is just too hard is absolutely ridiculous because you know I've been playing these games since I was six years old. Uh you know every game I've seen that has raid finder. People figure out how to do it no matter what, crappy pickup group you get, people figure out how to do it.
So the the excuse that a raid finder would wouldn't work just doesn't really fit.
let's talk to you to have we finished our 25?
well, have a good day.