Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Hi,
move
it.
Good. How's your Wednesday then?
It's all right. Um I don't work currently. So like most of my days are just like a cleaning cooking or whatever about your job.
Well,
we
were
like
the internet,
would you say? You're more like an introvert?
I got you.
Um For the most part. Yeah. I mean I admit I like going out a lot. I mean given the whole pandemic thing and what not have been home for most of the time like this year. But I used to go out a whole lot with my friends and stuff and like I would sometimes want to but most weekends I do I just like to stay home and like chill in my bed or like I'll go hang out with my boyfriend and he'll be like, oh are we seeing
people tonight and my mood really? But a lot of the time
I do just want to stay in and not do anything because it's like to visit how much effort I have to put into going out, you know what I mean,
woman?
I don't wanna
Yeah. One thing
that my friends know exactly how to get me out of the house though is food. They're like, we're like, have you eaten dinner yet? And I'm like, no,
tell
me one,
literally. It will be like after dinner. Sometimes they'll be like, have you eaten? And I'll be like, I could eat more.
I'll always get appetizers. Like I'm down
restaurant definitely like my weakness when it comes to like
spending money because I'm always going out to eat at one of my favorite things. Like I love trying out new food places and things and I'm for like
bummed out that I haven't been able to go recently, right?
Like any time I went to go like a new like restaurant or whatever, like I'm all about it. Like it's my favorite thing.
Who from? I honestly wish I could remember the name of the restaurant because of only there once and I've been meaning to go back. Like I know if I google it,
I could probably find it in like a google search again. But um, I live right outside of Atlanta and so like, there's a restaurant in Atlanta and it's like very fancy, like, pretty expensive. So I only, I only went there once. I took my friend out for like a dinner date there one time and it was, it was pretty expensive, but the food was so good. They had like fish with caper
fancy. Like I want, I want to say not to risk. That doesn't sound fancy salmon on it and stuff.
And like,
like if I were to splurge,
like,
I like to go places like that, but if we're talking like cheap food, I, I will eat fast food all day any day.
like, I also, I just like the experiences of some places like I travel if I travel somewhere like family or whatever, I never want to eat at places that like I have back at home. So like, I'll be like visiting you. Like my aunt's like often like Nebraska or wherever. She'll be like, oh, you want to like go looking like my grab Mcdonald's? I was like, there's Mcdonald's at home. I don't want that, show me what you got local. You know,
I
do things,
I just like trying new things.
Ooh.
Where?
We have like a million pizza places around where I live and
I feel like
everybody has like their own favorite the place. But we don't have anything that's like,
like fancy. I don't think
that I know you
have much sand layers of wine glasses or anything like that. Like that sounds really good. That sounds really nice.
What is it
broke? Oh, that sounds familiar actually. How far away is that? Like I have to write it down like Roma's.
I am literally always on the lookout for new places to eat. So my boyfriend, my
boyfriend cooks like an angel. It's incredible.
Like baking and cooking is like his thing. It's like, like, you know his
number bobby is to cook. So he's constantly thinking of like new
things to cook and new. But like, same as me. He's always looking for new places to go out and eat. So one of the only ways that I can get him to go out to eat is if I'm like, I found a new place that you've never been through, okay. Like otherwise if I'm like, oh, let's get festivities. And he's like, well I can make us something real nice
for
whatever reason. I'm always just like, I don't want to wait,
but I'm always on the lookout for like new places because I just, I love going out and he's all about like, we have food at home and I'm like, no,
no, don't say those words, don't do it.
You know, I tell myself all the time you're like food at home, what are you doing? You just did all this grocery shelf is
Oh, I don't know. So like I like to cook
sometimes
I like baking
and things and like, I'm like, I don't know, cupcakes or something, everyone smile. But like, my boyfriend will just wake up like every day and be like, you know what gonna make some like fine italian dinner. Like I'm going to break make bread from scratch today and I'm like,
where is this like inspiration cover? How do you just wake up and say, yeah, I want to destroy my kitchen
and take three hours on this meal and then he does he and it tastes amazing and he's always just like, I'm happy, I did it.
Like I have to have to mentally build myself up. Like if I'm making like a dinner, it's like I got immensely build that up for at least a few days.
I literally did that the other day. I, my boyfriend and I were eating lunch. He had like, just, he actually got chick fil a funny enough, he brought chick fil a from his from his work. He was on lunch and he swung by the house and he goes, all right, I got you like big like chick fil a meal,
sit down and eat and we're sitting down and eat and watch netflix. And I'm like, so what about dinner? Yeah. And he's like, you're like, you have food in your mouth right now, What are you talking about? And I'm like, I got to think ahead. I gotta think of the future. Like you,
the future me is thinking about this. She's hungry
and she's taking
care of
exactly. Like if I don't look out for her, who will? Yeah.
I
think you're
wrong without food too.
I get hungry if I go too long for food too.
Mm Hmm. Your mind can only go to one place.
Yeah, I'll be sitting there and
I'm just like the same thing. Like I'm very snappy. My boyfriend says he knows when I'm hungry because I stay quiet for longer. Which would, it doesn't make sense. But but like when he he says he can tell because if he does try to talk to me or you guys get me to say more,
I'm like, just no, don't
talk, I can't talk to me right now. Like
I would say something I regret. I'm sitting there like mm he's like, you hungry? Yes. How do you go? Because you're
not communicating again or you just see it on your face?
So you got dinner plans?
How
is your
son?
Yeah. How old is your son in school?
Put a 11.
You sleep? You're doing okay. Oh no, I'm sorry.
Yeah, I've heard that some number one thing when you have a baby is like you're supposed to sleep when the baby sleeps. But I'm always like, I feel like that's so hard, you know?
But have a kid.
Have all this time, all this power like what do I do? But you're still post tired?
I was a school with the 10 year old. Does
he does
he go to school
often?
How does he how does he like that outcome school for about a year?
Well
It was about to say good. I mean you're going to be the good one like growing
up.
Hey. Very true.
I remember heard and like
Where?
Right. You still gotta like sending feedback and
That sounds really nice.
I I when I remember I went through all three options, I had public school, private school and home schools,
I went through all three like so I had a little bit of experience with With all three and I
remember liking homeschooling a lot because it's mm I liked the flexibility
of it, you know my mouth is still going to work and she could come home and she could just leave me with the work and I could get it done
like I took my tests and things and I like playing video games with me whenever I wanted to. Um But I only did that for about a year and she ended up putting me in a public school because it got a little bit too hard for her to like her and my dad to juggle their jobs. And also from school me. So I only got to do it for like about a year before they sent me to a private middle school and then I went to a public high school.
It was it was a big job. I uh probably similar problems as your son. I also didn't I didn't really get along very well with a lot of the other kids. Um I have learning disabilities like A. D. D. And things. And I was when I was in elementary school my teachers were passing me because they liked me not because I was good at my work
and I hit middle school. And so when I was in the sixth grade um that's when my mom took me out for home schooling because I I started failing. And not to mention
I couldn't talk to the other kids. They wanted to put me the, I guess faculty there, they wanted to put me in like special education classes. And my mom was like, I don't know what to do, like,
so it was a very like complicated, like I wasn't connecting and at anything. So that's what I ended up taking me out and I got put in a private school to try and help me like in like a closed, like a closed environment. I could be one of them with like more teachers and things without like many students as distractions.
Mhm. Yeah. Um it didn't help as much though, as we would have liked to. I really didn't get like as far as grades go, I didn't really get my act together until I was like a junior senior in high school. I'm doing good now. Yeah. No, I I just graduated uh college last year,
and I'm applying for grad graduate school. I just took my jerry this past october so I'm
applying to probably get my master probably not ph d I don't
know four more
years or something I could handle. But I'm thinking two years is good. So I'm hoping to get um my masters at Georgia State University, that's why I plan on applying to is probably my first choice school.
Thank you.
That's
we didn't
lie.
Thank
you.
I've considered um two fields to pursue the first one was family and marriage therapy because that is like an in demand thing. But also I have a big interest in school psychology which is what I plan on applying to Georgia state for. There's also like Mercer University that I can apply for and I plan on applying there for like uh F. M. P. But right now like school psychology is kind of like my main focus because I feel like that kind of stuff is super important you know
like
like going to different schools and figuring out okay what what do these kids need to like help them learn? And I feel like those kinds of things are like super important for you know the next generation especially it's like mental health and things are such a big like I'll pick nowadays. Yeah.
No.
and
like
I even
feel like I I totally understand what you mean by like the whole feeling like you don't actually want to pursue anything because that's pretty much what I did, I float around and you know I just graduated last year but I'm 25 so I graduated and like obviously I went to school when I was, you know, 18, I went to college, but I messed around for like the first two years. I had no idea what I wanted to do. I was like, let's go, you know, medical field or whatever. Like I went to a tech school, I was like, Okay, how about nursing
and nursing didn't work out and I literally just did like so many different major changes. And so I was like, you know what? When I first went to college, I wanted to do psychology and that's what I ended up doing. And I was like, had I just gone with what I wanted in the first place, I would have graduated, who knows how much sooner?
Honestly, it really like, I feel like that in itself is just a huge issue. The fact that how much pressure you put On kids who were like 16 when you admit like your sophomore junior
year.
I remember going to my high school and teachers being like, you gotta start deciding now what are you guys doing with your life? And I'm like,
I am 16, can you? I
don't
know what I'm having for breakfast. Then it like
Not
to mention the fact that they don't ever teach you anything that you feel like it is going to be big. Like I feel like I had no time choosing what it was that I wanted to do for the rest of my life because I didn't even know what I would do with the money once I earned it. Like how do I pay a bill? How do I, what is it like, how do I go about getting a house? How do I get a car? Like how do you avoid scams? Like there was just so much that I remember like when I graduated high school I was like, I am nine Adolf. I am still a child. Like some days I even still feel like a final, even though there's a lot of things that I've learned, I still feel like there's like, I don't know how people do it. Some people are like about 18 and I'm like, you did what? I'm like, I didn't know how to do anything. I've been calling my mom every two seconds like,
what do I do? What does this mean? What is this? I'm texting her and I'm like, did I pay this right? Or is this like an issue like making doctors appointments? And I'm like, should I ask about this? Like, I don't know. I just, and I feel like I was literally, if it weren't for my parents, I wouldn't know how to do anything, you know, and it kind of turned me out, no school ever covered that in many classes.
Excellent.
Yeah, I always try and tell myself, you know, like if other people can do it, you know, I can too, like you can get through it somehow, everybody in the world is surviving one way or another. So it's like, and to, but it's like, I want to, I don't know, it's it's the whole feeling of like I want to be financially secure and like it's just the more questions that you have in your head about those kinds of things, like the more frustrating it gets.
Thank
you to be honest. I wish I could just wake up and play video games all day. Yeah.
I think.
you.
I
did yeah. Honestly I've done like five of these video chat conversations and seriously you were like
the best one to talk to.
Sign up for more. They're seriously so
great. Good
$15. And you just get to talk.
All right, well thank you so much for your good advice. I really appreciate it. I'm going to check out that room. A place to
I will, mm.
Yes, it to buy.