Hi how are you?
I'm
good thank you.
It's been a wonderful which I guess is a good thing. How about yours?
By you. Um I've been working for home from home for about 10 years so that sounds kind of like my regular day except makes them a bunch of emails and some phone calls and getting dressed up when I really just want to hang out in my pajamas. But isn't that the same now?
What
were you
doing
before?
I'm sorry to say it again.
Probably can be either but it just depends on who I'm around. You know if I'm really comfortable around um Probably the silliest person ever but it's not a really quiet I mean to see what happened. Yeah.
Yes you too.
Well.
Who?
Oh yeah I'm there with you I'm
kind of uncomfortable. Or it's gonna quit too much work for too long I'm just like I don't wanna
okay I don't want to do that anymore.
Well
I think but I can either give and you know
what
for?
Yes, absolutely. There's always been some good food,
yep, appetizer is nice. Look great. Yeah.
The public
it was.
yeah.
Favorite food to get so far. What have you run across? What's your favorite food come across so far? Kind of new places? So?
What?
I think it is
Well
it's not moral.
What?
This?
Whoa, that's it's all good and the
But go
through one.
Say it again.
Oh yeah, it's just like he said it's a big part of it is the experience because I'm that way too. I like I can cook just about any things I love to eat. So I got to be able to, but I like to go out and see, you know what kind of lighting they had? This one restaurant my friends took me to, we got um or was it um I don't know what they call them, but it's the, I guess the original brick ovens that they make the pizzas in. So we're watching them cook the pizzas on these big pallets or spatula looking things, whatever you want to call them. But the Lear is made out of champagne or wine glasses
and it's in the shape where, you know, it gets smaller and smaller and smaller and it looks like a real chandelier. But I just thought that was so neat and they had all the black wrought iron wall hangings and some of the furniture
lighting was kind of low. But you saw everybody there. Like you saw families, you saw people with kids. But for some reason the kids were all well behaved. I mean it was just amazing. And the pizza was glorious. I love pizza.
Very
different.
It
here.
No. Well,
Yes, I'm right here in akin right across the line from you. And um yeah, the place is called Romas
Romas.
we can orient out from you maybe.
what
good morning.
All
What?
We've
got
Yeah, I know. That's the worst part is the waiting.
Who?
he sounds like me and my son arguing earlier today. He's like mama, he always wants to go to people because I stayed in there when he was a little tiny thing. And so he loved the big giant chicken sandwiches and he still hooked up and he's like, mom, I want to get chick fil a I'm like, we got chicken sandwiches at home. Like you feel like one of those comedians are one of those horrible moms I've watched on Youtube.
One of the bad thing about it is I'm the one that actually does the grocery shopping and I'm living at it and sometimes I'm the one that wants to go out, like I'm gonna go get burgers and he's like, mom, you just went grocery shopping the other day, so go back and forth because both of us love to eat. So yeah,
look
at that.
Well.
showing off.
Boom.
Hello?
absolutely. I'm right there with you because every day and I cook at least a couple of times a day. I'm like, sometimes I'm thinking about what I'm gonna make like the day before, but get up the next morning. I'm thinking about dinner that evening or maybe breakfast the day after. And I talked myself about it sometimes and he laughed at me. He's like, mom, what are you doing? Thinking about food like that. You think about food all the time? Like when we got to eat, I want to eat.
well.
That's right.
The problem
is
slow, therefore I have to take care of it right now.
I feel you right there. I don't let me get hungry your people in existence ever.
I feel
bad about the things I say.
Who is that?
Yeah. I'm like, I feel so bad about the things I say and do when I get hungry. I feel so guilty. So I, and I've tried to fix myself. I've tried, you know, anger management techniques, breathing deep and all that. It just doesn't work. I have to not let myself get hungry.
That's right, that's right and it's not good for anybody. Uh huh.
Obviously.
warm.
No.
Well
Okay. You know that?
he's like that. Oh yeah,
what? Absolutely, what what what do you know? Maybe, yeah, but
it's
not
been, I don't know, it's not been too bad around here. Um there are only a few places we would go out to eat or order from and it's kind of become like a treat, you know, because that was the only thing we're able to do, we couldn't go dine in or anything like that and we really got so well, you know, do doordash or whatever and have them delivered to us. It's kind of a special thing, but it gets to be a bit much now other than that we didn't really go out a whole lot. We go maybe see family every now and then um work or school didn't take us out of home because that's pretty much what we do here. But when we want to go we want to go, we like having the option of saying you know yeah we could go to the park to play tennis today but I don't want to go I want to you know as opposed to just being so well you can't go to the park's closed. I feel like a little kid I want to cut all day.
Yeah I got one that's 10 and then I just had one. Um he's almost five months. Yeah.
Yeah we're having a lot of fun with him around. He's a little nut. And the older ones a nut. And then on top of that mommy is a nut. Crazy too. So
it's okay, it's not as bad as I've heard it could be, But I think it's spoiled for my first son. He slept right through the night from day one and it was just heaven. But this little one, he initially he had his days and nights mixed up. Um So we were kind of nocturnal to begin with. And then after that he started sleeping about the same amount day and night, but an hour or two hours at the most shifts. So I'd be up off and on all day and all night. Um And then finally he started sleeping at night but he still gets up about three in the morning for a two hour play session and then he goes back to sleep at about five when I'm wide awake and can't go back to sleep anymore. And yeah, a lot of times he likes to stay awake until about midnight or two am just depends on how he feels. So like sleep when I sleep, mommy and play when I want to play.
It really, really is. And anybody who says that, I'm like, you must not really have a baby.
Yeah, that's it's nearly impossible. They sleep for like five minutes and they jump up and they wine and well for about two hours because they're sleepy, they just don't want to be asleep. And then after they've tired themselves out and got you to the point where you're to tick to go to sleep and you're like, I might as well just start dinner. I don't really need to clean up now and I haven't gotten anything done today. And then they doze off and they look so cute and innocent. You're awake? Like what do I do now?
absolutely. So tired. So, so tired.
City
grab you.
Oh he's home school. He's been home schooled now
for about three, maybe 3.5, 4 years.
Yeah, he likes it. Um He he's a bit different than than the kids here because we've been here maybe about five verse, we're going on six years. But um he's the type of kid that I'll sit in the classroom and watch them climb over the tables and under the tables and throw the chairs and stuff. And he just doesn't quite understand that um he would get bullied because of the way that he talks and because he's quiet, he's really proper and then, you
know, really quiet, but when he talks, you know, people want call nerds stuff like that and I think because I'm married to but like yeah we're gonna be the ones with all the money when we grow up.
like
crusty girls, like we were turning,
you
know like crazy for me, so like what do you want to do baby? And he's like, I don't want to go to school anymore and that he didn't realize it was actually an option. So um I started researching online schools. We found um uh connections Academy, it's a free public online school, but they're really really good. They've got awesome curriculum, they've got um yoga cds and um magnifying glasses and clay and paint and you know, they just send them everything for every class you could possibly think of. We've been having a lot of fun with them. A lot of the things that we do anyway, like you know, playing park or nerf gun wars, we can include that in his pe curriculum or
you know walk are playing with the animals and stuff like that and they use a lot of what's around us to and then you know having access to the books and online uh kind of makes it a bit clear so we're actually really enjoying it, you get to kind of make up your own schedule, although you still have to you know by by the rules of the school district.
Oh yeah, absolutely, absolutely. They do live lessons where um they're meeting with the teachers like you and I are talking now and then of course they have their tests, they have their interim testing, They have their state testing and we take attendance, you know, they're still required 25 hours a week. Um Other than that he really likes that, he loves being able to play his video games, whatever he wants and then go to class. He wants, he thinks he's grown, He's like 10 going on 30. So, but yeah, we like, we like it a lot. It really has helped me a lot too. Um Like for instance, if he's running a fever, he doesn't have to miss school because of it. Um I don't have to stop work, you know, because of it. I can be right here with him just whenever for whatever. And when we decide we want to jump up and go to the beach, we could, you know, jump and go to the beach. We would take a week off before christmas break and work all through christmas and do that. So it's pretty good. It's pretty flexible and the teachers are nice. Oh yeah, we like it a lot
walk,
Well, well, well,
it
you were
Hey?
Oh wow, it's three to the world before thing.
Well
What?
Well
or yeah absolutely.
What population? What is your money? Excellent. Oh
What?
More
well
that is amazing. You go girl
Oh man, I need to do something with my life, I keep thinking I need to go back to school
and not before year of college my dad was so upset because he said I should have done it right out of school and I felt like I was just wasting time and money. I didn't know what I wanted to study. I mean we would have any interest in studying anything
some
Yeah, I'm like I'm going to go to a trade school so I did that and ended up going straight to work and here it is, you know, 20 years later and I'm working. So I just, I don't know what, that's awesome. That is
great.
Look, that field is definitely needed right now and it's going to be so necessary whenever we get the chance to come out of this, people are suffering, you know, and, and a lot of people don't really understand the impact that that going into that field could have, that, being able to just talk to people can have. Yeah.
Yes, it is
very important.
the big thing nowadays, you know, like I said, people are gonna need that you do awesome. You're
doing awesome girl. I'm, I can send you, I don't know if I could ever do it, but hey, if
you can do
this.
No.
What?
Well, the only thing about that is, you know, like you said not knowing what you want to do and that's the hardest part. Well and I think it's a bit unrealistic. Take a kid right out of high school and be like, you know, figure out now what you want to do with your life.
On the
spot.
Well,
And I'm
glad.
Or how to my own clothes you well, we're starting to pay attention though because the more people that I talked to, you know, um just in everyday conversation, the more you realize that everybody's kind of going through the same thing and that's a big point of pressure for a lot of young adults. And if you think about it, it's really ridiculous to ask a kid to do that. They don't know what life is, they don't know what they like. They've been struggling through school all this time. They've been dealing with bullies and friends they don't like and you aggravating about clean their room when they get home and they don't know what they want announced like decide what you wanna do with your life and they're like oh God not again mm.
Well
no on.
I agree. I agree with you the closest we ever came with
help remember that and they had to cook a little. You know we learned how to make a basic spit on our island But that's not until 1920s, you know it's like well like you said how do I function now and I'm there with you? It's a shame that they don't teach us just how to live everyday life. You know, you've got adults who coming up, we're not, you know, well versed in the actual job hunting process, We don't know how to fill out an application, You know, have a schedule where reschedule interviews, what the process of interviews are. How do you know, answer questions and interviews how to dress? Okay, so much stuff, you know, some people can't even cook themselves at breakfast before they leave the house for a job interview that morning. So there's a lot we got a lot of work to do in regard to, you know, making a better system for future generations and even for what we want to have to be able to deal with now, you know, there's a lot still kind of broken and the more you realize, you know.
Well, don't let it frustrate you too much. I'm going to tell you it doesn't stop because it's learn one level of stuff what you want to do with your life. There's a whole nother level of stuff to learn. Just think of it. I think of it as I'm learning what not to do and I'm not failing because I'm not quitting, but but I'm learning more as I go. And and as long as you look at it like that, you'll find you'll find joy in learning a lot of things, even useless stuff. But it will be new stuff and it'll be your choice of useless stuff to life. We'll get to do that. And in addition to that, you know, you learn the things you need to learn and you're smart, you're very smart. I got a feeling you're great, you're
gonna be awesome. So
Well, you know, maybe one day you'll get to the point where, you know, you're like working with companies to decide how they're interactive applications and what not working. It will be like playing video games, you know, So you just never know. Just keep pushing and keep going for what you want to do. Two because that's the main thing. Don't spend your like doing something you don't want to do, do something
you love and you'll always enjoy your life. How always you're
welcome. I hope you had fun talking today. I had fun
talking to you.
What?
Thank you. Thank you. So, um it's only like my favorite. So killing new.
I
worked.
Yes. Isn't it the best? It's absolutely best.
Okay. Good, good. And I hope you like it when you see it.
Good evening.
II