Hey there. Good.
How
are you doing?
Have you done this before? Okay.
This is my 3rd time. But my first with a female. Yeah, all the other ones have been men and I've been like, is this what they're studying is like just how men communicate? Like I had no idea. So I'm so happy to see you. Hi, I'm jen,
where
are you at Casey? Mhm.
Oh, get out. What part? Okay.
I used to live in the north woods of Minnesota. Yeah.
So
yeah, so we were about an hour and a half south of the Canadian border. Yeah,
uh about
an hour and a half east there bemidji. Yes.
Very. And that's why I now live in florida. So yeah, we're just um we packed up about three years ago and uh moved to florida is best decision. Best decision.
you were in charleston? Oh, how fun is that? Yeah,
That is awesome.
I mean, I lived in the middle of the Mojave Desert in Arizona for eight years, so they're like, you know everything? Oh, it's a dry heat girl. Stick your head in an oven. That's dry. That is just it's still a heat. But down here it's not bad actually. Like I'm like the first year was hard, it
was super hard. And then like this year I just turned, my husband
was like, don't
you feel it's like a little chilly, It was 87 with the humidity of like
110. So I was like, it's a little cold. I might need a sweater, but
I don't know.
Oh, isn't it crazy? Like, So how long have you been with?
Prolific?
How are you liking it?
And
thank God. And you get back paid.
that will come in so nice
for you, thank goodness.
and it takes it
out of you? Yeah.
Oh my goodness.
No, it's
hard, I'm so sorry that happened,
I'm
glad that you're getting your back pay.
So do you have lupus? Is that the auto immune? The stomach?
the
cell linings. Right.
Yeah, about
six years ago I was diagnosed with mass cell disease.
so I'm growing out of it which is kind of hilarious, so the symptoms have been going down um it used to be really bad at being the er at least once or twice a month um
Like I would wash my clothes and I would break out in hives um from the laundry detergent even though I've used it forever. Uh One of the things is that if I get anxious I started having a flare up so my face will turn red, I might have hives. Um
Yeah,
snakebites are not a good thing, or even insect bites, I just noticed I have one on my hand. Um I have an EpiPen
drawn inhalers. Yeah, so I'm thankful that it's lessening, but that's how I kind of know a little bit about auto immune diseases.
yep.
So what happens is all my mast cells, for whatever reason turned on and so they all thought that we were having allergic reaction and they just stayed on, so, so it's been, it's been interesting, like, I went down to the Mayo clinic in Rochester to get diagnosed actually because like, I I would almost pass out through having mast cell because the anxiety would get so high and um it was just, but I'm so thankful for you, you are, you know, I tried
applying for
Social Security and they were like, no way, you're not that bad, so
That's good, that is so good. Um
I'm sure that's a good relief for you, just
like yes, my God.
It's
just the little
things.
Right,
I am so sorry, but I'm glad, like I said, I'm so happy that it came through and
what?
my, the allergist that I went to said that there was a very slight possibility that as I age it would lessen and I was like, oh, I'm going to be the one that would never have it lesson. No, I'm the one, so I'm super happy. It's it has lessened um but it was scary, it was it was super scary. I mean I was on life support for a week Um one of my medicines, I was on decided to cause angio oedema.
Well
it was my lips and then my throat.
so
they intubated me, put me on life support and then they took me off of life support and my ear swelled up and my throat started swelling up. So then they had to re intubate me. So now I have scarring in my esophagus in my lungs. So when Covid hit it was it was pretty like, oh, you know, I'm already overweight, you know, so that's a high risk factor. Now, I've got my lung issues. I'm
screwed.
Like I just thought Covid is going to get me and I'm glad it didn't Covid free, but I'm still, we still,
we limit, we limit. We used to go to the grocery store every week, now we go at once a month, we try to stock up as much as possible. We do that walmart pickup. Um
They
do,
but I don't I
don't like
paying
for it, right?
But
then I would probably be on there all the time by a nonsense. Yeah, I want a kit kat, you know what I'm saying? So
So, and plus it gets us
out of a
hot
that the house and and so we did that. Um we just started recently. Um we went to target. So yeah, we we check
like we go at the
very beginning of the day and then we shop and then we get out of there. But yeah, it's been interesting.
Isn't the makeup bar?
Right. I know. And like people are like, well has your life really changed? And I'm like, you know, not really like if you overlook the like we weren't big shoppers anyway, but we'd go out to a restaurant. My doctor has forbidden it. Like she's like, I'll let you know when you can eat inside and so we do pick up. But um and we would go to the movies, we would travel now. It's like any time you leave the house you got your mask, your hand sanitizer. Are there gonna be a lot of people there? Who's there? It's just I don't know.
1984.
I wonder Robin.
Oh we sat
there
the first wonder Woman. We thought twice in the movie theater. It was just so good. It was so good. Like I said, we love movies and it's just so weird just to be like, oh there's no movies coming out, you know? It's bad.
Does she work in health
care?
She's a carer. Nice.
Yeah,
you know, and the thing is I'm in florida
Uh Huh and we have a we've done I do all the calculations because I'm a bookkeeper and so I just run calculations and we have a 1% chance
of getting it
And
but at the height of it, like when we shut down in April, I mean I think there was a .004% chance. but I thought I was getting it, I got a pulse oximeter
here, we wore off the batteries of my thermometer because we were like constantly uh and now it's we're more relaxed about it but we still don't go anywhere, it's just you know, you know the thing is that I don't want it
no matter what, I
don't want it.
You know it sounds horrible,
right? I mean it just I don't want it and I know it seems like I'm being unreasonable. But you know like my one of my friends was like well you know you have a much better chance of being bitten by a rabid raccoon. Okay. That's very specific. But whatever
them getting them
But but then by getting covid and I'm just like,
yeah but I'm not around rabbit raccoon,
I'm around people
apparently more than
that,
Because I have
chance.
Well there's been 100 and 70,000 deaths and I don't know how many actual covid.
Are there that many raccoons? And I'm curious. Mm I'm going to have to research that. But yeah and you
know and the bad.
Right? I know. And the thing is that
everybody's like while you're living your life in fear, I don't consider it fear I can
write,
you know? And the thing is that,
I mean I actually did unfriend
like
six people off of facebook. I did and I have no problems doing that, you know, because they were like, it's the flu. I went to a covid party. I did you know that you got to take it seriously, you know, it's not a hoax,
do
you
really? What do you say?
if they're related, they
kind of have to take it.
The
lady.
It's like what I always do is I always like right deep breath in. You're not going to fix every person,
but
my goodness, so is this my microphone that's
making all
the noise? Can you hear
that?
The crackling?
and I had a guy from africa last time he was not he wasn't even supposed to be doing it, but he did it and he's like, well, I can't
tell you
where
I'm
at. Okay, well, I know you haven't VPN I know that you are, you know, come on now. And he was just like, well, I can't tell you anything about me. So they introduced me. Well, that makes conversation fun.
Well, it's probably just their software and whatnot
are you? I'm on my Dell computer. I just got it and
the thing is just insane.
It's right,
so it's pretty
new.
All right, so let's see if if you can
there.
okay.
So as soon as I disconnected my headphone, everything went and it's a brand new computer, right? And so
I don't
know.
And like, so that was my husband, he works in I. T. Management right? And so he was like let me see this And I'm like don't you think I'm trying to hit that X.
It
could
because I've never
had a problem. Like my nephew and I zoom and we've never had a problem but on here, I can't get it to work with the microphone that's built in or what, that's what we were looking for. You saw going like this, you were looking for a microphone button? Yeah. So
anyway
and I was like we're so close to finishing, I can't do this. Why did
I mess around? Oh
my
gosh, just blame me. Uh huh. Because this
is like I
love doing these chats because one
I
get
to meet awesome people like you.
And then and then to it's good
money
Like
I'm
trying
to pay off my student loans
doing
this. that's, that's why I'm on prolific is to pay
off my student loans. So mm
now that, that crisis
has been averted,
oh my goodness, I'll
never do that again.
Uh so how
old are
you? I'm 42.
next week is my birthday, so I don't know how to feel.
absolutely nothing. Uh My husband would probably make me my favorite meal which is staking a baked potato. I'm simple. But um,
no, we usually were big into cruising, we love cruises and we would usually be on a cruise and we had one booked and we're still waiting on
some money. It was to Tokyo right?
Yeah, I saved
up.
They say for 18 months opened up like two credit cards to get the airline miles, everything's canceled and so, and now now the airline miles or like use it or lose it. Where am I going? Where like come on now so again deep breath in can't change it. So
it's awesome.
It's amazing. We have done um Alaska hawaii Panama cuba twice, all around the caribbean to transatlantic six. And To
be honest this was our second
time booking 1 to Tokyo and both times we've had to cancel the first time because I had mass out and I couldn't be that far out
and now
this because of covid. So yeah,
I mean we, we like I told my husband, I was like this was the year of my
planning.
Like I had spreadsheets like I said I'm a numbers person, so I had spreadsheets on spreadsheets and I was keeping track of everything and I was, I'm the queen of frugal
Right? So we had $21,000 worth of vacations between because like the Tokyo trip, we were going to spend some time over there. We had first class airfare back just three points. So 21,000, right?
I paid
out of pocket 900 $900. Right?
And it's gone.
I know. So.
now
it's like you want to start planning for next year. No,
We're
2020
has been bad
enough,
right? So, but it's all been through like the credit card points
and I'm doing market research. So that's good enough. So
I don't
know because I don't know if I want to be that far from home, you know, and that's our problem is that we also have a Hawaii trip plan for this year for christmas it's still on, we're not going, we're not going to go.
No.
I mean it's just it's too risky.
I keep waiting. I'm like, come on vaccine. Come on.
I know. I'm I always said I'll let all of like the elderly and the most
vulnerable go first and then that's where I'm going. That's me second. I'm second in line. So
you
need
it,
Yeah.
All right. Well, I see. It's our time. Look at how fun that was. Have fun
in Wisconsin.
Be
safe
and
I'm so happy that
you got
your so security. All right. I'll talk to you later.
Well, maybe,
but
bye.
See