Hello.
I know you.
What do you?
Yeah. You haven't? Have you done these before?
Mm that's that. Oh yeah, I think this is my last time I'm allowed to do it, check it out. Mhm
No,
we just have to Be able to talk for 25 minutes and then the ends, so greek. What's your name?
Nice. I've never been there. It's very big. Right. Uh have you always lived there?
Have you always lived in texas?
Do you like it?
Yeah,
I don't know now. I live in New Jersey, so, but um, yeah, I think we're calming down a little bit, but it looks like you guys are not doing so good right now, right?
Mm hmm.
Yeah, can you still work or?
Okay. Yeah, my boyfriend gets to work from home, so, but
cleaning. Do you do a mechanical turk to, or?
I
don't know that
and
that's a good one. Uh
I do mturk too. But prolific is the best I think.
And there was a good one yesterday, but I think it was only for women, but it was about abusive relationship. Uh
Yeah. Have you ever did the prolific ones where they make you watch um like gory videos and they record your face?
Did you? Really? Was it scary?
I think I think those ones only paid you like $3. Right? Yeah.
And then I was doing uh you know ml data labeler on Mturk. I did a bunch of those and I realized because it was like type in the handwritten text and I realized I was typing in letters from the zodiac killer.
So
like
a serial killer.
Uh Chicago Chicago booth,
have you heard of? It's called a Chicago booth. I wish I could send you a link any here, but if you google a Chicago booth. Decision research lab. Mhm.
and
they
anybody. Yeah
so I looked that one up, they only pay with amazon gift cards.
one.
Uh huh. Booth like B. 00 T. H.
Yeah, that one's interesting. Um
Yeah the have kind of a similar approach where they sometimes want to put you on video with someone else and see what happens basically. So and
they have
oh yeah now it's worth it. They're very sweet so. Right.
nice. Yeah I'm doing one right now actually. Uh I think it's with Schlesinger research, I don't know if you can and
yeah so uh it's to test headband that's supposed to help you sleep but it's like hurting my for
It's
but it's $200 but I've worn it for two weeks and now I woke up and so that's bad.
No. Yeah
but
you go to school for anything
nice where do you go for?
That's cool. I was trying to do um a plus certification and I was reading it and like oh I did it but
man it's early for you right?
It's
only
Oh yeah it's eight where I am. Yeah. Yeah. My boyfriend works in I. T. So
The network engineer. Uh
huh.
Yeah I quit my job, I worked in retail and um when Covid happened I got too nervous to still work so I quit and I've been waiting for unemployment since March. But.
and I think I'm going to get unemployment honestly but that's okay.
Yeah. How many hits do you have?
Oh my goodness. See I got a bunch of, should look at ml data labeler um because I got him one day and I was able to do 2000. So now So now I have uh 5000 hits and most of them were just like penny from mm. LD the labeler. Right. Yeah.
Mhm. Just 1 1 word. So I am as a monkey L as in lion I guess.
But yeah. And a lot of them are they show you pictures have somebody wearing a mask and you have to uh press one if they're wearing a mask and two if they're not and it's like one cent per picture. So yeah it's not very hard. Not very hard but it's a very interesting. So yeah.
But you can do it you can do one every two seconds though so you can Get a couple 1000. Okay. Yeah.
Honestly doesn't get too much better once you get Over like 1000. So honestly so
let's
see.
Yeah.
Yeah. So you have to do a lot. Yeah.
Yeah. I'm kind of scared that um trying to get unemployment, they will see what I make on mturk and I won't get on him for that because that would suck. So well no thanks. Are you in the subreddit for it? Do you go on reddit? Mm
Yeah there's a subreddit where people talk about it and they like link to uh good ones sometimes.
huh. Yeah, you might want to look at that in Chicago booth. Look
a photo booth.
Let's see. I wish I could link it, Chicago booth. Decision research lab. Yeah. Yeah, let's see him. And if you go to it. Mm
Yeah, they kind of hide the link to the but there's a sign up for the virtual lab and you don't have to be a student. Okay here it is. So yeah if you click on labs and then virtual lab um
I hope we're being useful for studies. Right? I don't know. Right. What are you going to do today?
Oh that's true that's true. Well do you know uh qualify and all that goes?
Yeah. Well if you if you google uh so if you spell qualify but without the way and change it to qualify so E. Y. E. Um Well if I you'll find a website and it shows you the ones um that you need to take a pre test for. So yeah I looked bad. That will help a little bit.
Uh Yeah it's um because some researchers I'm there they make you take a pre test or a screener in order to get into the good study like the high paying one. So um qualify qualify. Well they collect them and you can uh just take all the screeners so
Yeah because a lot of these pay 14 an hour right you know? Yeah. Yeah
I bet you will find this job or something but computer science there's a lot of stuff but I just have to keep going. Huh? Yeah
okay. Uh Who do you live with your family or?
Oh man are they stuck there or,
no it's it's really not hope they're doing okay.
Yeah I can't imagine mm. Yes what
do you
do?
mm.
Nice. Yeah gosh I applied to graduate school that way I can get some student loans. I don't know. Hopefully just okay the study I'm doing with the headband is messing up my forehead only Mhm. Um It's really weird you have to sleep with this head bend and in the middle of the night they had been starts going on. It's
supposed to help you sleep somehow, but it just wakes me up and scares me so it's not working very well.
Yeah. The one for mturk is qualified. Um Yeah, he should look that up and then there's some there's something called Mturk Suite. Do you have that
sweet like a hotel, hotel suite or you know?
Um No, that's a it's a chrome google chrome extension. And it helps you it helps you um catch all the hits when they pop up before other people do song. Yeah, that helps a lot. You I wish I could show you my screen like a zoom called. But
but yeah, it just you can see how much money they each are and then you can catch them before they get to or Yes. Oh has
anybody? You know, got covid before or yet I should
say.
nice.
Well.
Oh yeah that's good. I don't know anybody. Yeah but apparently
we
will.
Yeah. Oh my goodness. I thought I had it for a split second and I had a headache for like more than a week and I took a test And it took 11 days to get the results I think Maybe even 12 days to get the results back. But it was negative so but yeah that that was quite a long time to wait for results.
Yeah I was just being safe I guess. But um my cat wants to come up here, it's okay.
Yeah
did I close the now we can do it, do it
and it's interesting it's come to this you know I've met this is my fourth time, my last time I can do this and I've met a bunch of different people so far. So you're the first boy? The yeah
yeah but and see there's been someone from California Georgia and florida florida. So I'm good everywhere, wow.
Uh huh. I'm just surprised that you like texas.
Yeah I feel like I wouldn't like it very much. But we have good mexican food, right?
Yeah here at east Coast they don't have green chili. It's really weird.
No, well they don't even they don't really know what that is. Uh huh. It's a big bummer honestly.
Well
Um it was pretty bad in the beginning um And now they're opening things up again and yeah and it feels like people here are just bored of it so they're going out again. But yes. Yeah we'll see what happens I guess. But it sounds like you guys are the ones that are in trouble now in florida
California
from.
No, how long do you think this will last forever?
Who are you
quote?
Yeah, I think so too. Honestly, we're so stubborn. So, well yesterday I did one of these and the girl was wearing a mask. It was funny because you don't need a mask for this. Thanks. No.
That's
good.
Have you been watching all the videos of people freaking out?
not
interest,
that's too much or
I know.
Mm um yeah, I think we'll make it, it's interesting. Mhm.
for prolific. Let's see a lot. Let's see.
I've made £266,, so yeah. And then, yeah, I don't do anything else, but really honest.
They have a do you have the, um, what is it called? The google chrome extension?
So, you know, this is pretty terrible but when you try to click join and it says it's full just keep going and um if you spam it enough times sometimes it pops up and it lets you do it. So.
Yeah. There's too many people. Everybody is finding out. Right, That's good for
research
And thats mturk for sure. They like to do that. But you will find a job I promise. I believe in you eventually. We will look back on this time and it will be funny maybe. Oh man. I think we did it.
We can do it.
Thank you. Go drink some coffee. Why? Good.
I want some more coffee.
Oh okay. Well have a good day. Nice
to meet
you.