Mhm. Yes. Yeah. That's what I'm worried about. My phone now. What the fuck? Okay. Hello,
ma'am. How are you?
Yeah, I'm good. Thank you.
So I think they wanted us to join this uh you know uh this video conversation right? So it's been
actually I tried to log in a couple of weeks ago but the other partner never showed up.
So is he talking about like in a general topics or anything like space quick
like?
That's my my name is J And you know, I live here in texas. Yeah.
What is it?
Oh yes ma'am. For about like enough seven years. Yes.
Uh Yeah. So it's not too bad. So where are you from? Alright, Okay. How
is this COVID-19 there? Yeah.
Yeah. I think uh I looked into the T. V. The other day. Yes. I think it looks like there are a lot more cases. Uh
Yes, ma'am.
I mean I work from home sometimes, so. Yes.
Yes. So basically the requirement is to open this chart to a chat window for what? 20 minutes, something like that. 20 women. 25 minutes. Okay. Have a full compensation. I think it's uh I think they're talking about like $14 or something. Okay.
I do mechanical turk. Yes ma'am. And also uh I think there is another one called D. Scout. Digital Scout is a app. I don't know if we have that food
here.
Yeah. And lately
I've been doing something called, easily introduce easily interviews.com. So he can apply for some gigs. And uh if you get selected, you know you could get paid anywhere from you know $75 to $300 all the way. Yes.
try. I mean like I said that I applied for like almost like 30 or 40 and I got picked up three or four so far, it's not too bad. Yeah.
Yeah. Emptor come in. I'm not really getting a lot because everything is uh in the repetitive and uh Yeah, I mean I still do it but now once in a while like whenever I get you know, Sharon
I got it.
I think I feel like I did two or 3. Okay.
Alright. Kind of. But you know but like I said I just want to get something extra money so I didn't really mind doing that.
Uh huh.
No I guess
I got
it.
Yeah. Do you do anything else like apart from prolific or you know I am talking to you,
what is that?
It's only for
Chicago
people or is anybody can do it?
Yeah.
I mean it's still not bad and as long as you know you get paid or something like you know. Yeah. What is this like
it's a Chicago books at Chicago bull.
Okay Chicago booth. Okay.
And
so
probably not take a look at it after the scholar and uh
Yeah and I think uh that's it like you know these are the highly paid like you know like I said easier introduce, you could try but you know it's really worth. Sometimes they have to be uncalled with them for like an hour and they get paid anywhere anywhere from $75 to Other until 300. So
I love it. Yes mommy.
No
good.
Yeah and they could also try a respondent. I don't know if you ever heard of respondent respondent at Iowa. Yeah.
He could try that too.
Like they pay very good and very good money for for you know only like 30 minutes to an hour participation. Yeah.
Uh You mean uh in general? Yes, ma'am. In general. I did I did finish my bachelor's degree.
Computer Science. Yes, now.
This one
it's kind
of
uh actually, but it sounds like, yeah,
he wants tonight to do. Okay good. Yeah.
Yeah,
but like you know like I said, you know, this will really help us to, you know, get some extra money like my feet, you know, if you don't make enough money or you know, things like that, you know, this will definitely help, you know? And
no, it's it's smart joker right?
Yeah. This is like I said, you know, uh you might get something like a prolific is not too bad compared to and talk. You know, you'll always get something like, you know, every day. So depending on hunting
I have so far 200 think 1912-300 hits so far.
What is it called? Ml data Littler
Okay. And better.
But they pay you only like a one central once and for your pictures. Hmm.
No.
figure what 30 cents or something for every the whatever it
do
do pictures or something. No one sent. Right.
Mhm.
Yeah, that's not a lot. But, you know, it's better than nothing.
Uh, not really.
I got you.
I couldn't find that information is called Chicago. What? Both? Right, Okay.
Yeah. Is that a website dinner? What is the date robson?
Yeah. If I found it finally. Mhm.
I got shot.
Uh Really? Nothing that I'm kind of, you know, looking for jobs. So I do some job set and also like, you know, I need to, you know, make some amount of money, extra money, you know, on the sides like No, I'm turK I don't think I get asked this earlier. I had to wait for a while for until he starts late in the morning. No,
not all of them were very few because you know, sometimes, you know, when you click and qualify like, you know, it's gone by the time somebody else grab that, you know, spot.
What is that is again like, you know, it's similar to what it make to end money or what?
Okay. I got you.
Yeah, That's not bad.
My keep going here.
uh yeah. Right now. I mean, my family is, you know in India because I've discovered 19, right? So Yeah, but I've been waiting for them to come back.
Yeah. They're just stuck there. Yeah. They should be back soon because this is not this is not the right time to travel because
yeah. So they said they could wait. You know, they would rather be safe than sorry. Mhm.
Like
I said,
I can't I don't know if I can send you a message because you know like I said he could try those. You know, there are a couple of sites and it's really worked. Like you know a discard is the app. You know if you have a smartphone yeah,
you can install that. You know, so he had to apply for them. You know if you get selected. So it's easy like you know like you know it's not really like too much of your time maybe 30 minutes or something. And then you get paid for like a very good money.
Ooh.
And what is the website you said it's called? Quality. Quality I are qualified.
And what?
Still part of them to
No, that's right.
Right.
No,
I don't I don't know anybody here. You know but I know I know there is a person back in India you know a friend of mine that he got covered but you know it wasn't too serious. So you know he didn't even go to hospital. So yeah
the best are full. So they told him to stay at the home and and follows
them. You know guidelines.
I mean getting
better
because I mean not because of the case that we are getting more cases but you know, he's getting better because As far as like you know, you know when most people catch COVID-19 right? You know they get like this, they develop this in our immune system, so So it's getting back in that point of view, yes, that you're seeing more and more cases, but you know, it will start getting better soon.
that's right. I got a headache for three days, three days in a row, but it has nothing to do with or without something. So
I think it's what like six more minutes looks like seven more minutes. Mhm.
Okay.
Yeah, it's quite good money to end like $14 something, so. Yeah.
Yeah.
ma'am, yep, that's the way it is.
I'm not saying I'm not really too big fan, but yeah, I've been here for a while,
plenty of mexican food, so,
but they don't have grand chilies.
How is
the covenant And in New Jersey? I know like it was washed like a few months ago is getting better. It's not better. Right.
Thank you. Well
that yeah texas
California places, you know it's getting washed
probably like sometimes like another six more months, you know at least like you know uh probably until by mid next year and a year from now I would say
I meant to get
it completely ever in it for that, you know?
here like, you know whenever we need to step into a grocery store, like a while mortar enough are serious. You know, we have to have a mask in texas. They won't
let
me yeah, they won't let you in with. That's a good that's a good thing sir. Yeah.
Yeah, I remember but I'm used to it. You know, I'm not not not I don't understand anymore. So is getting
like
our Dean.
guys too much. I mean, it's good to
see how all these, you know, mask, you know, washing hands. But you know, here we don't need to really figure out a lot. You know what I'm saying is to some extent years,
how long how many hits they have done for prolific suffer.
by a lot. Yeah.
And a lot of times, you know, I did notice that, you know, uh whenever we get a strategy salary full, you know, and prolific, I don't know like
it's called policy consistent. Right? But even then, right? I mean still like, you know, by the time like, you know, the even like, you know, whenever you get a notification, if you click under thing, it says jesus parts, you know.
Yeah, I didn't I didn't notice that enough for a few of them. I'm able to, you know, Do you've got to click keep on clicking mm.
but
it's not about that. Right. So because I think there are some stamps are in a bart's like not dead. I'm scripting. So I think they are able to do it quickly. Like, you know what I'm saying is they have they found out a work around something?
I think it's one more minute. Right. Yeah.
We can hurt you.
All
I think we did it like 25 minutes. So
it
is.
I spent you buy.