Uh huh. Hi, how are you?
I'm Tanya.
I'm doing okay. Where
are you from?
Okay. Michigan here.
Yeah. It gets pretty cold here
right now. It's nice. We've had some, um, Record highs, it's like 70. So
I'm, yeah, we're lucky because we don't usually get this at this time of year.
I'm used to it and I don't care for the real hot weather, so I like,
no,
I couldn't do it
two.
Yes. Yeah. Born and raised here. I did live in California when I was a kid. I was about 11 I think. And we lived in on Garden Grove
for,
it's by long beach,
you
know? And
I
lived there for about a year. But yeah, I've been, I was raised here. How about you? Are you from California
taxes? Really?
Alright. Yeah. I lived in texas to for a year.
I lived in May, Pearl,
May, Pearl. It's like 60 miles from Dallas. No.
No. Yeah.
Yeah. That's messed up a lot of things, hasn't it
in all.
Yeah. Um I
stay in a lot. I don't want to catch that at all. I'm not
yeah, you know,
it is scary. It is, it's getting bad.
Well I'm home a lot anyway because I'm just Tabled. So um you know, I get on the internet a lot. There's not a lot to do really. But um that's about it. I don't there's not a lot to do really. I read a lot. I like to read so
well, I like true stories or um
I even want mysteries, you know that kind of thing?
like true crimes or you know, even though some of them just kind of, you know, but I still like to read about it, but and I like to cook. So I have a lot of cookbooks and but that's about it, I don't do a whole lot
What
do you like to do
and
no.
Oh god, I can't even think of it all right off the top of my head um I've run about the michigan murders of course. Um
What
other,
he was, he killed a lot of women on the ann arbor campus college
campus.
Um I did read about john Binnie there um God I'm trying to think of some of them, I can't even think of any other ones but I'll think
of what after we get done talking you know?
But um
there
are
Uh huh
I haven't, I didn't hear about that.
there is, there is
not really, I don't
roll it
Into the lab. Mhm
My
no, I haven't.
Yeah
it's
oh it's been a boring boring day for me.
I don't I don't I'll probably watch christmas movies and lay down. Uh huh I know that don't sound very exciting but
Yeah. Hallmark. I like la journals.
I've probably seen them.
Yeah, they are.
Yeah, I mean I don't know, my dad died on christmas day so it's ever since, you know and my oldest son was murdered 11 years ago so
that's
kind of, you know, he wasn't he was, my son wasn't murdered on christmas day but with him being gone it's kind of hard, I have two other Children too but um it's hard on me, you know?
Thanks. Oh how how about christmas for you? Do you like it?
and what I should do
and
when bad things happen, you know, It's hard to celebrate you know? Uh Anyway so what's your plans for this evening? Yeah
I would
he lives
oh that sounds good.
netflix or
not lately I haven't I haven't watched anything on netflix lately.
No.
What?
Yeah I have one too. I watch I like unsolved mysteries too.
I'll check you know.
Do they?
All.
Yeah I will I'll check that out.
no.
Oh yeah I remember seeing that he got he got caught you know.
Well
Right. Right. Yeah it wasn't he like happened like 40 years ago or something?
That's crazy.
Um When was the last time he killed someone?
Well
so he didn't he didn't kill anybody after that?
Well
I've been following that Gabriel that little boy that the mother and step dad abused that netflix to about that
and what was their last name I can't remember. But he uh they abused them and they end up dying. Um What is the last name I read about it all the time?
Hernandez or something maybe. Yeah.
Yeah I was I've been following that on facebook and that's just terrible. Oh my God the things they did to that little boy just terrible. Yeah
I know it's terrible. I
don't like it either. It makes me sad all day but I've been reading that and I don't know why I do but um that
is an animal abuse to is terrible you know.
No.
is
very
terrible. We'll
see what we can do that stuff. I just don't.
All
What
do you think
that?
Till he does something. There's nothing that will do about it. Mhm.
and
I know, but anyway
more
like
Really nothing I have a really boring life, I really do um I'm sick a lot, you know, so um I don't I don't go a lot. Mhm. Uh huh.
What?
I just lost my dogs a year ago. Um I had two french bulldogs and they were brothers and they had to be put to sleep within two months of each other and they were 99 years old. I've had them since they were You know, eight weeks old. So uh I was attached, this is one of mine right here, you can see it.
And then I had a cream colored one formal, this one's deter, but I miss them terribly.
They were
my body's, you know,
some I want to I do want another dog, you know, but I'm kind of waiting. It probably won't be a french bulldog only, I love french bulldogs, but there they have a lot of health problems, so and I really can't afford it now. Um when I got them I had a good job and everything, so um and it wouldn't be fair to one for, you know, so I'll probably get one that's not have as many health problems, you know?
What time was it? We started talking? Was it right at 3?
You know, I think we're 25 minutes are off, but
he's talking to you.
Me too.
I hope you do too.
You too, bye, bye.