Hi there.
I'm good my name's Alexandra. Mhm.
Tanya how are you doing?
Where?
I'm in Berkeley California.
Yeah I've had several people from michigan I've talked to I've yet to visit.
What's the temperature right now?
How
It's been? Yeah it's been pretty cold over here but for us that's like 60 so Anything but below 80 I just uh I'm freezing to death so yeah.
uh yeah I lived in Phoenix in Arizona for a bed and you I've lived through 120° weather so
that's pretty rough.
That's
why there that's why there's so many snowbirds out there they're just like turning into jerky and preserving themselves you know? So are you from michigan?
Cardinal girl? Where's
that?
Okay that's what I thought down
in
that doesn't
count.
I'm from texas.
I am I'm a Texan. Um I've been living in California for almost the last 20 years so I feel I feel like I'm from both places but I'd say at home is texas so
the music
april
yeah texas is pretty big so I'm from Austin. Yeah I was supposed to visit but then Covid happened so we had to cancel our trip.
Yeah.
Okay. Yeah I was supposed to go to a wedding in Tuscany as well
that got canceled unfortunately. Yeah.
Mhm.
Okay. Uh huh. Especially with the winter happening it's gonna make it seems like just like the flu cases on the rise in the in the winter time you know?
Okay so I have a friend that lives up in Winnipeg Canada and it's the cases are just kind of going crazy right now which is it's scary you know? So.
Yeah. What are you doing to keep your sanity when you stay at home?
Yeah. What do you read?
Mhm.
Yeah I like a memoir and nonfiction a lot. What what kind of true stories are you you talking about?
But that's still a lot that's happening anyway. Reading and cooking and you know
keep
moment, I'm an artist
and I like to make art things. Um I go into the I have a small business so I sell my artwork and I make um different things like fiber wall hangings and sculptures and I do prints and things. Um
Yeah I've been doing, I've done some, I'm thinking of doing like a run of true crime things, I've done like some jonbenet Ramsey um like wall hangings and things like and um so I was thinking of doing just because it's you get the wintertime makes you want to kind of settle in and you know get spooky and whatnot. So I've been thinking more about like some true crime things uh you know to do like um 10 murderous ladies or you know just just kind of once I'm interested in, what what kind of cases have you read that you like?
Okay.
Who's that
one?
How
old school? Okay.
then
that's
I mean there there's I mean unfortunately there's just too many to choose from,
you
know, do you ever so we have the black Dahlia that's buried up here, you can visit her grave site um in the city next to us. Do you remember the Black Dahlia? She was like a famous early case that happened, she um was like I think this in the 40s and then she was like dissected where like her torso was completely removed from the rest of her body from there and like when they found her it's it's a huge mystery about who, who did it, but then they think they've solved it and whatnot. So um yeah, so her grave sites over here and people will leave things for her uh offerings and things. Um So you know that happened down in L. A. But she was buried up here. Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah, there's a lot, there's just, how many?
Mhm. Do there's a lot of do you listen to podcasts at all
that
okay? Because like there's a lot of true crime podcasts that are getting really popular and so I listened to actually, I listened to a lot of true crime podcasts when I cook myself.
There's a
there's okay, there's there's one called My Favorite Murder. If you've heard about that one,
it's these two like comedians that talk about different cases that they've come across and they're sort of, it takes a while to get into them because they've been going for five years and like there's inside jokes and things you don't get, you know, but it's kind of been a nice way to process the war of murder and be able to like laugh at the same time. Yeah, kind
of give a little levity
to it. Yeah.
Mhm Yeah. Oh, do you have anything planned later?
that sounds like a peaceful day. Yeah. Did you? Which christmas movies, like the hallmark ones?
My friend and I were watching the christmas prince ones on netflix becomes,
those are pretty good. All right. Yeah.
Oh, you looking forward to christmas? Uh huh,
on
christmas
I'm sorry to hear that.
yeah, I've just been thinking about decorating early because there's just so little that you can do right now, you know, and it just like it might be cheerful to like put your decorations up or something or to make something.
Yeah, you don't need much I think just having lights up is nice too, but
yeah, no, I wouldn't say the holidays are easy for me either. So um get that. It's a lot of uh like I trained, I trained to be a therapist actually and it's just a lot of people are really upset during those times, you know? And I get it a lot of stuff. Have it.
what am I doing? I'm
I've just been uh figuring I'm gonna work on some new pieces I think and take out the dog and
maybe you're mexican food.
Yeah we got good mexican food or rear maybe I'll watch them scary movies or something and work on work on stuff. Um Yeah I've been, let's see uh in terms of like true crime I've been there is some good documentaries that I've been checking out and wanting to look at. Yeah
come on. Yeah there's been there's been it's just like a really popular genre right now so um I've seen I've seen some of them. Have you seen anything coming like on netflix or anything?
Yeah I have I have one of those like smart TVs
and I watch
unsolved mysteries a lot.
Yeah they have a the people do you have the Pluto channel? Yes they have a whole channel while they have all like the um Like a lot of the you know like the 1st 48 or whatnot I think. But then they had they have the whole uh unsolved mysteries channel. Yeah
I remember growing up and and watching that and um it was pretty spooky. Oh did you know that? They have a reboot of unsolved mysteries?
Yeah it's a new one on netflix. They have two new seasons. They don't have a host you know because robert stack died. But um it's actually really good. They have some international
crimes this one in France that happened. And um they have some kind of spooky stuff from like the japanese tsunami. Like yeah like ghosts and inciting in areas that were impacted and it's pretty good. The revotes pretty good. I definitely say check that out.
Have you have you done any research? Did you ever read the what is it the I'll be gone in the dark
if you it was about the Golden state killer that just got caught I think last year.
Yeah there was one detective that no actually it wasn't a detective. It was like a journalist writer that um had followed the case and
so she ended up dying before the book was finished. But they managed to piece it together and release it and it was about her search and the stories of the women that the Golden State killer had harmed. Yeah. Um And it was really really good and they just did a documentary, another documentary, like a Tv show on HBO about it. Um So if you like true crime I definitely I definitely check that out. Especially since he's caught behind bars. So it makes you feel better.
Yeah I think I don't remember if it was the late sixties I know it was seventies and eighties we just stopped and he was a former cop so he knew a lot of the techniques to like evade capture and you know he new tricks to keep himself safe from from prosecute them for a long time. So yeah,
yeah, I'm pretty scary.
I'm not sure, I think it was the late, maybe
mid eighties.
no, he stopped for a while. It's kind of like when you don't, when some people haven't been caught, kind of like the zodiac and you think that, you know, it's unknown if they've have a period of time where they just stopped doing that or if they've like just passed away or something. Uh so,
but not him,
Gabriel?
mm hmm. Let me see, I'll take a look. Whoa
ba, trials of Gabriel Fernandez, I have not heard of that one.
I have a hard time with child murderers.
That's
I'm
yeah, I can't I can't do that. No, I can't do that one. No
animal, that's
the
word.
And
I give it and that's, that's why I like the, you know the podcast where they're sort of humorous and they talk about it because it's like processing the, the human, the horrible side of human behavior. But like with people who are real human beings, you know, and just kind of like, what is that? Like? Um kind of makes me feel better. But it's interesting that a lot of women are into true crime and I've heard it's because we're always kind of like writing it down like, okay, I'll make sure to know that that's how that happens. I'll stay safe for, right? That, you know, um I actually grew up with with a kid that I'm convinced it's gonna do something with somebody someday. He was like more the sociopath as a child and he was very statistic and cruel and it was like a family friend that we would go visit and his dad was shitty and his mom would make excuses, like, oh he's just playing, it's it's fine. Like she never would um discipline him. And so when, when I was seven, he like hit me in the back of the neck with a golf club. And like that's when we stopped um being connected with him. But I've looked him up since then because it's like there's no way that he's not criminal. And I've seen two of his mark shots already of when he's like has held people up at gunpoint and it's just it's really scary that there's nothing that you can do. You know?
Like I would just have with some sort of like minority report thing where it's like, I know he's gonna hurt
somebody
like
let's prevent this, but what can you?
and that's like the stocking cases to they
do anything. So these people are being like very emotionally stressed and harassed and like well he's not doing anything so you know let's wait until he tries to harm you before I'm or we can do something. Mhm. Ah The justice system. Yeah.
There are positive things. Anything bringing you a little
dry
lately don't come. Oh
wrong.
Well you don't have to go traveling off to europe to have any a life that you enjoy you know. Yeah. Do you have any pets? What?
Oh he's so sweet.
I get that.
And
yeah. Are you gonna get another animal you think or is it too soon?
Yeah. They say that muds are generally pretty healthy. That's the sound so
Yeah. It was 12 my time I guess. Three your time so it's 12. It's 25 minutes.
yeah we're done. It was mine.
Yeah. I hope that I hope that you find some some good things in the upcoming days.
What?
Thank you. Take care