Hello.
I'm fine how are you doing? Oh great
Oh wow. Likewise have you done this before?
What
are you how I've tried it to other times but nobody showed up wow incredible
internet.
I am in the Bronx new york
my goodness it's still daylight over there
it's probably just on a planet.
so how's the weather over there?
And
I'm just starting to feel a little like fall So it's more like the 60s and 70s over here.
What?
Well have you ever been on this side of the coast?
What you gonna spend the night in a hotel or with your friends?
women
it is.
what part of California are you in?
Oh nella uh Oh wow. Is
that
we're
okay? L. A L. A.
Yeah I'm just trying to like
are actually Hollywood. Okay okay that's not
where the fires are is it?
So the air quality is not that good over there right now.
okay wow.
So have you visit Hollywood?
I know listen there's so much in new york and people assume that new Yorkers had visited every place. There's a lot of people that still haven't been to the statue of liberty so that's why axe
drop.
yes I can
mm You can't see me
What?
because I'm
seeing myself and you.
that's
strange.
Yes I definitely could see you so I'm so sorry I don't know what type of glitch that is.
I mean I do well on zoom so I never
had
no problems.
No
well
and along
so that's like new york Certain areas you have to avoid like 42nd Street
crazy.
No because they actually had to close down some of the streets to traffic because it gets so crowded. People are spilling in the streets and cars are going by so they had to block those areas now and they just put up chairs and tables so
track
can't run through it.
No
it was just getting too crowded. Who's
just
we have like MTV we have NBC we have um You know 42nd Street was always known back in the days for the porno flicks and then maybe like in the 80s and 90s was just known for a lot of the movies and people just going out there taking pictures, having fun
now it's more like you know got some are cays and got B. B. Q'S and um what else? It's just a famous strip plus plus we have like two theaters there. I can play mary Poppins and Spiderman. So that's for the theater goers. Um So and you can shop a little over there too as well. Gift shops.
Um Where Not fully open like the restaurants could only have like 25% of the people inside but they put all the chairs and tables outside for people to eat.
Um A lot of the schools are still kind of closed so they're doing remote schooling.
there's
not supposed to be um large gatherings in new york. So that's against the law I've seen on the news that they have been people who have gotten together. But from the results of that there's been a lot of spreading of the covid because of those parties but they're usually illegal parties, you know.
Well they do it but it has to be like undercover, it's not legal type of thing.
There you go. There you go. So over here. No we're pretty much the transit his workings back to where it was before and people walking around without masks but you're not supposed to enter a retail shop or a store without your mask on.
what?
Um I've been working through this whole thing. I just happened to find new jobs because the jobs that I had before um it's usually large amounts of people so we can't gather. So I just took on new types of employment in order to work and collecting um some unemployment here and there when the jobs is at its low. So that's that's the only thing that I had a lot of people who passed away. So.
you're for real
I know about maybe 12 people who died and passed away. I know a lot of other friends and you know they're people's passed away. So it just got so crazy that we had refrigerators. People were thrown in refrigerators because there's just no way to put them, you
know, so the hospital's got really overbearing with people with covid. So I think we were the highest state that had the covid situation. Yeah.
well you should really just make a list of the
benefits
of
the job you currently have, how much you get paid? What does it come with as far as, you know, the benefits, your hours, how far it is, You know, and then compare it to the new one, you know, what
do they got
going
on? You say more money, but that could be just what? $2 more,
you know
I Yeah.
Are the benefits really good.
Who?
worried.
Hi,
is it a large company or small
company?
Did
you hurt the company out?
so
you're not even thinking about retirement type of?
Okay, I can't tell how old you are. So you know, I was like I don't know, you don't want to mess something up but you near retirement and it's like uh
I can't even really
tell
Oh no, let me see. Oh thirties.
Oh I see.
Are
there,
only you can make that decision
but you know you can only just wait of course what is going to be better for you and your household?
No problem.
that's okay. Just about employment. So wow, that's cool. You're working at bank, you're a teller?
So you've been working there for us all the time? 15 years, wow,
beautiful
fun type person
that's okay, it's just interesting that Janet is affected as we all over here, so that's really at one point you was because I kept hearing about certain things in California that was happening um but the fact that you didn't really experience though wow
Oh yeah but I didn't get it either, but just just a lot of the elderly got it, so a lot of my friends lost their parents and death
so yeah so
yeah, so it's, wow, so where you live it's just I don't know if it has to do with the sun or
over the head the heat maybe live in a big neighborhood or
is people,
mm especially the subways
and the buses. So we like sardines, you know, do we have a lot of homeless or stuff spreads around?
Well.
So when you say camp, is it like that in a park or something?
Well yeah, we just see them in the street or on the subway sleeping taking up a seat seats. Um pretty much sometimes they sleep in the parks, but you know, most of the parks in new york, you're not allowed to be there after dark. So
yeah, we have laws. Yeah,
because bad things happen. So
littering
in the train stations on the subway.
no cardboard boxes, maybe a blanket type of thing,
that's just about it. Yeah. Oh, they don't do tents over here?
What?
No you're not allowed to be there after dark so if you do you get a ticket?
Oh no. So how long we supposed to be on this thing?
So no I didn't do that time or thing. It didn't make any sense to me.
We
do oh well
I'll
give you this
Yes thank you so much. I get a little paycheck from this. What
was
Nice? Meeting Hill?
and
and
I
hope you make the best decision for yourself.
All right bye.