How
how are you?
Yeah it's nice to see you. What happened when I saw you?
Yes this will be my fourth one. What
about
What? Cool.
I think part of it I kind of like them because I get to talk to people all over where you at right now.
What? I'm in L. A. Yeah.
It is All three times I've done this. It's been people on the East Coast. Mm I don't know. I don't know why there's no one from L. A. Or maybe that's just how they plan it.
I wish you could do it in the morning but I just decided why not? Let's see who's around. Yeah
it's a little warm. It is the first day it's cool down a little bit. So last week it was like mid nineties. Today was about 84 87 so it's a little warm but I know what
about over there? Where you are?
I would love that weather but only right now because we've had so much key and it's I'm telling you since summer this is the first time it's cooling down. So it was like even 112 at one point just like even a month ago
and it's usually measured that hot. But yeah part. Yeah.
No I booked the ticket once and by the time I was done booking my uh my ticket, my flight, my My taxi and my room, I had already spent $1,000. So I was like maybe some other time. So I canceled everything and ended up somewhere else because I don't usually spend that much money on a vacation to visit a friend despite
so I booked a room for the first few nights because I was going to be there for a week. So I got two nights with an Airbnb and then I was going to stay with my friend but It was just too much money. I think the ticket
alone was about 600 bucks. So I was like forget that I don't know much money. I think it's just like expensive over there. Or maybe I didn't,
I could have just you know tried to book at a high what's it called when the prices are high and off season or something like that nope. Yeah
I'm in L. A.
So
I'm
not
lastly I can miss you know or less
Hollywood. Uh
I
um there is one fire that was Nearby, it was actually 10 miles for me so it is actually um it was a little east of me but yeah it is where the fires are but most of the fires were up north. Oh so it's like san Francisco but we do have the bobcat fire going on right now which sucked and it's still kind of funky but not,
no, but usually in the morning that's a little you know is that morning Miss is there? So it usually will like move or burn out or something but I believe it's the heat that's making it um feel like it's way worse but it is bad but it's not that bad. Yes.
Mhm.
Yeah, I grew up here,
I understand that there are actually some places I have not been to or I've been you know once as a child like Disneyland, I've only been there once
as a child, I have no interest in it. But yeah, I grew up, I don't know if you can even still hear me but you're
you're the video dropped, can you still see me? Oh this is creepy.
I cannot see you.
Hold on, let me see, I don't know what happened. It
is,
it's weird because I see that like when you speak there is a like a speaker in the middle and I see headphones and then there's like an outline of where a person should be. But when you speak, the speaker will glow green. I mean
it's
I don't know, I guess we can keep going. I don't know if this will affect anything, but as maybe as long as you can see me,
I think
I
do
know you come back. It's so weird. So do you see the microphone and the speaker and the top of the corner right there? Maybe not.
Okay, well I have it. So um what was I say? Yes,
I've been to Hollywood. Uh I used to go there a lot when I was young. We used to just catch the bus, but
now it's an adult. I avoid it because there's a lot of tourists and people and just crazy shit going on. Yeah.
Why is it just like Uh huh.
It's not like the fun. Crazy.
Is
that,
is that due to Covid or just?
That was just
what
is the attraction attraction to that place? Is there like a lot of shops or? Well,
Running.
What was this like? Popular? Cool. How is a new york? Candling Covid? Right now you guys open and you're wearing masks?
well,
What about like clubs or anything? And I'm only asking because I see people on like instagram and they're always in clubs and shit and I don't know where in the world they are and what you
have.
I just thought Atlanta or somewhere, I didn't know if it was new york doing that too.
I'd rather save my money and stay home.
Cool. I guess it's about the same over here. So
how are you handling covid?
I'm sorry. I don't know a single person that's been affected by this.
No, no. And it's like none of my friends already. What? I know know anybody, but they they didn't have my job, tell us that, you know, when they made us work until someone contracted it. So we worked and worked and worked. And then there are like, everyone go home, someone tests positive and then they had a few of us in and then they were like, okay, someone else contracted it. And so that happened about two or three times, but I'm still in the office, you know, I will rotate in the but that's the closest I've been to someone contracting it. All right.
Crazy.
stop doing it once that the pregnant hit. Uh But I don't Besides my coworkers who I don't even know who they were. Uh No, but speaking of like switching dogs, tell me if I'm crazy, I've been working at this job for almost it'll be 15 years next month. Right? But this person is going to call me about a job offer tonight. Right, after this, Actually, would I be crazy to leave the superior stability of a job? I didn't Uh for 14 years just to get some more money during a pandemic. That makes it more dramatic. Might say it during a damn it. Well, you do.
want
to think
when I
before
you
know,
No.
Almost
more significant money bitten.
The thing about that is I asked my partner just put me on your shit. That may be up for discussion. The job is further away. But the thing is I live about it takes me 15 minutes to get to work. The other job is 40 minutes.
That's not even far if you like think about How long I've been here driving a short distance to my job and 40 minutes is not that long. And so I figure I can enable extra vacation out of this person because he starts The what is his starting rate for his new hire is gonna be almost $25,000 more than what I'm getting paid right? But I'm gonna ask for the more only because
I've been by one of his family members to do. So
yeah I'm thinking that I'm thinking that I don't know what to do.
No
it's a smaller company. It's a smaller company. I'm just saying I work for a bank right now. But so this will be like a smaller bank but it's not really a bank. It's just a smaller and a smaller portion of what I do now, I'm gonna be doing the same thing. But at a smaller scale for more money further away from my house I would not very company 15 years. Why would I risk that stability? And
then
because you know how people will write reviews about company, whatever what I saw was a lot of good and a little bit of bad. But at the same time Apple will have a little bit good, a little bit bad google. You can't really you can't really base that on other people's opinions and who knows who wrote that? I mean I can't base that company on what someone else said, I would like to experience myself. But since this is like a weird way to experience it, I don't know, it's new. And also, and I've been at this company for so long. I'm wondering, have I been there that long? Because I'm crazy because I'm so used to just being idle. I don't know. Mhm. But I figure I can't move forward by sitting still for 15 years and oh, no matter what happens, I know I'm gonna be okay. So, well, I don't know. But at the same time like it's a
pen
retirement where?
how old do I look?
Hold
on, let me turn on the light. Yeah,
Okay. I just turned 38.
I mean, I'm not like thinking about retirement just about
yet,
but maybe in about 20 years, but also I'm 38. I would like more money. So Yeah. Yeah,
trillions.
I think my household would like more money. I'm doing right. I need less. Like, There we go. Sorry, I felt like it was a little too dark.
Well that was a weird spout about my personal what?
No, I don't work in a bank, I just work for a bank. So I am actually in the mortgage real estate apartment, so I would go to like a mortgage company, a smaller mortgage company. Mhm, yep. So I don't know. And how did I even end up in a bank? How do I even end up in this industry?
15 years next month, november something? Mm It's been so long. That's crazy to like and then people who know me there are like, I can't imagine you at work. I can't have
that,
everything. Well yeah, that end, you know, I might, I'm not edgy at all, but I got a little hot sauce on me and it's like like you would not think I would work in a stupid ass corporate office. Mhm. But I don't know, life is weird man. And I kind of just want to do it just because I feel like it will add a little bit of excitement to my dull ass life. Yeah, I was thinking too much and I might just need to do something, I need to make a move. But yeah, I wouldn't be smart about it but I don't even want this to like to be about me. Let's change the subject so. Yeah. Oh a bill and a little embarrassed now. But yeah. Har animal. Who do you stay with? I'm not sure what to talk about now. I feel like I would like you to read.
It's not just me, it's like people I know have it. So Yeah. And I've been places where I feel like I should have gotten Covid, you know, I was I was right there, you know, taking pictures of like the protest or whatever. I was like, I should have got Covid. I didn't, I'm not saying that it does not exist or anything. I'm just saying maybe I got lucky and my partner and all my friends. But
What?
That is like, I don't even want to think about that.
What?
Um I live like 10 minutes from downtown. So yeah, it's busy. It's there's people everywhere, but I think that maybe new york is a little bit more compact. There
will never get
help.
we got crazy homeless out here. I'm talking,
I've been crazy. As in the amount of people that are homeless, like everywhere you go, there's a camp and then cat crazy. It's so crazy. So that anything like popped up out of note. Well, I'm not saying out of nowhere because I'm sure these people, some of these people have been homeless for a while, but like these new camps, I don't know if they're just being moved from one place. So they're coming closer to where I am or maybe they're just from going over there to over here. But what I mean, what I'm saying is it looks like there's a lot more, I'm sure there is, but they're getting more, there's there's more,
They're everywhere you under the freeway, like the tunnel or whatever, all sides of the street. So you know, there's like the center, um, the island in the middle of the street. So there's like a big ass and then there's like a little layer of grass or trees, whatever. So there's like a whole encampment there. We're talking about 10, 10. I'm talking about like a whole big role, like big camps. Like it's like a camp crap. Yeah, Well there's a whole 12 everywhere. I wouldn't, I went on a bike ride this morning. I'm not sorry, I'm sorry not this. I went on a bike ride this morning as well. But the bike ride I'm talking about was on saturday or sunday. I want a long bike ride and it was just not even five miles from my house. There was just, I know those people were not there like two months ago, but there was just so many and it's so sad. It's just some
what what?
Well,
well when the homeless people sleep, I
mean I know
there's a big tents and stuff on the grounds.
Him
all on the sidewalk. Like there's some sidewalks in downtown, you just cross the street, you just walk in the street because there's just so
much going on on the streets of the sidewalks everywhere and the parks. I don't know how you guys got about the parks.
What do you take it? I get a ticket on my car all the time. Oh, it's
25 minutes. Were you timing it?
Wait, I can tell. Hold on. Let me see if I go back here because I know we started five minutes early.
I
No, I started the time
around
here five minutes early. I think we made it. Well. It was nice to be your first prolific.
I
get
to meet you as well. Have a good day and good luck to you on all your job things and uh, good,
let's run everything everything
you
like.
True. Thank you for having good name