well,
how are you?
I'm good. Sorry, I'm a couple minutes later my dog was barking
It's nice to me. I'm Ariana.
Yeah. Um I don't I don't know if there's like a list of questions we're supposed to go through.
How old are you?
I'm 19.
Are you a student or post grad? Er
Congratulations.
Yeah, I am
a sophomore now in college.
Do you see where my studying? What am I studying?
I'm studying music and bio.
I'm indecisive. What did you study?
Oh that's so cool. Are you hoping to go to med school and next year?
similar crazy time.
the biggest fan
we did from the second half of the semester, but we're going back in person in the fall, which I'm kind of afraid about.
No, it's really hard to focus.
we do. And then like we would have tests and I didn't feel like clearing off my desk just like sit on my bed for my test. Which
company?
Yeah. So are you out of school now? What's the fun?
That's very fair. Do you have any advice on how to pick a major because I kind of just picked bio for fun. How much I want to commit to it.
Do you spend a lot of nursing?
What best of luck?
Thank you.
You don't
That's so cruel.
Let's a relief I think.
So have you been stuck at home quarantining all year? But you would give yourself entertained?
What do you like to watch?
It was very brief.
I can't handle stress. I've just been watching like Children's cartoons.
I like comedies.
What's your favorite books series or just some books that you like? Mhm
1984.
I get that. There's a lot of books I haven't read
that's good.
No.
I tried Moby dick but like there are two chapters that are like incorrect whale and out of me and I just didn't want to read through that.
I don't know much but like I know enough to know that it wasn't correct. Mm Yeah
I mean like they didn't really know at the time of their writing, it's like I should cut them some slack but
some
of them are like sexist.
Why would I want to swap the characters are supposed to like because they're trying to sexist. Mhm. Mhm.
Mhm.
Yeah I have a dog.
What are their names? Mhm.
It's very cute. What kind of dogs are they?
That's cute.
so
cute.
Polar opposites.
My name is Oliver. Um He's a rescue puppy. He's super thumb. We think he's like a schnauzer some terrier mix. Um He was actually like the dumbest dog I've ever met and I love him a lot.
I have seen him walk into walls because he didn't like stop sliding in time. Okay
our opulent these
rooms meet and very dumb and very loud.
Well I think my favorite type of dogs just big stupid dog.
Actually
But is cute. How do you, I don't know much about rabbit care you like are you able to play with in the bunch or?
Mhm. It was kind of wanted a rabbit. They just precious.
like the normal lifespan of a rabbit,
it seems like a solid amount of time.
Okay.
Many enjoy their company.
mm Do your dogs ever get to play with your bunnies?
It's probably safe.
It would be scary.
I love that so much. Mhm.
Hello?
It's so cute. Did you
give a academy?
That's a cute,
so many animals. That sounds so fun.
Different.
But please. Okay.
And
Mhm. Yeah. He looks back. I I have a list on my phone of like every dog breed that I want to own at some point in my life. Just at some point I just have so many dogs and I'm so excited for that day.
You could.
I'm gonna probably still both dogs but like a Norwegian into it.
So you
what about you? Any animal?
I live in Washington.
I think it's probably illegal here too. I don't know have
not looked
in good.
It's so hard. I know that there's a bird life sanctuary like pretty close to where I live that has a lot of owls and like I was going to go volunteer there over the summer but can't do that,
Very, very stressful. You know, one day at a time.
And yeah,
then just point for like some entertainment.
like that. Um I had a question that I just completely forgot it before I started speaking.
Yeah.
How's Illinois? Mhm.
nope.
checks out.
Have a wind.
Yeah. Trying to make some friends.
That's really nice. I live. I'm like the uppermost left hand corner. So like Canada is like 20 minutes away and we're on the ocean.
It's a city of about like 90,000 people. It's like a decent size but not like overwhelmingly large. It's really pretty. I really love the pacific northwest.
No.
Oh you're you're valid. I mean I don't know geography very well, so I don't actually like where Chicago is in the state of Illinois, so.
It's really nice. I like it because there's a lot of just cool diversity and it's it's a really nice city in my opinion. Um And like I think this is just a good job on maintaining the balance with parks and urbanised areas and they're turning in one of the old like factory areas is like on some waterfront that it was abandoned. So the city is tearing it down to build a new park and it's opening next year and I'm very excited.
No, hoping I would survive without. I hate driving.
Wait,
usually I think get food for like the week because we just plan your menus ahead.
I've been so stressed. I just had to pick what I was eating like a day off. It would just be mac and cheese every day.
Me like pretty much every day since March.
I'm so sorry.
Where were you working before?
I don't know what that is.
Yeah.
So.
Okay, that makes sense. Yeah.
Tragic that hospitals had to lay people off pinned. Emmick.
No. Sorry.
So very stressful existence right now.
Mm. Yeah, I really like everything's happening at once and there's not really like time to process anything and then the next thing happens.
Well
I haven't noticed that here, but I also don't leave my house very often, so. Uh huh. I'm sorry that it's been not as nice out there.
No, sorry, it cut out for a second.
Technology
Internet. It's messy.
Yeah. I have no idea. Um At my school with our online classes like some of our classes are still in person but some are in two weeks but we're quarantining for two weeks once we get there. So those classes are all online but I have three roommates and it's just one big rooms. I don't know if we have class at the same time, it's gonna be really weird.
Yeah. Okay. Don't really know how well it's going to go over.
Well that's scary.
No.
Oh the poor teacher trying to enforce that on a bunch of like
smoking.
I go to a pretty small schools, it's like 3000 people. So I don't know if it's like I trust the majority of the people to adhere to the guidelines and social distance wear mask. Not go off campus but I feel like it's gonna be like one group that just doesn't do that and then they bring it back to campus and it gets to everyone.
I am not thrilled about.
Yes. I know you're saying it's just weird times.
Just like the new reality.
Can you play thinking bathroom links like last year? Like I keep going like pressure
actively stressed. I'm like oh my God I didn't social distance last year this thing and then you feel like oh didn't have a virus by that. I don't know why I keep remembering that and feeling guilty when it wasn't actually a problem.
Yeah. Not see a whole global pen time. They come in our way.
Oh For all of our jokes none of us really had 2020 vision
1 4 months left.
Yeah we'll be so long and you can celebrate everyone and not be stressed. Be a weird story in like 50 years. Hopefully this won't be continuing. It's really weird to remember it. I remember when I was in my funny is when I was just you know pandemic on the loose.
we'll be right there. I have confidence.
I'm sorry doing this like yeah I've been catching up like noon.
Yeah. Comes the vibes I might have to go soon. That's why because I have a cello lesson later.
Yeah. Yeah. But this has been really nice to meet you and talk to
you and get me
good luck with nursing. You'll make
nurse someday and have a lovely farmhouse with so many animals.
And
thank you so much.
Hi.