Heidi many. Yeah,
I'm good. How are you?
Oh, it's okay. So I had to find my laptop charger so I was afraid I was going to be late. I actually just got on about 10 seconds before you. Hi, I'm Shelby.
Nice to meet you.
Uh huh. Let I'm not for sure. I know they said that their meticulous and if not just kinda like talk about whatever. Mhm.
Did you say? How old am I? I'm 23.
Uh huh. So young. Okay.
I actually just graduated to me.
You so much? Are you a student?
What?
Okay. Oh, congratulations. What are you studying?
What are you studying?
What's interesting take
um I actually went for biology and then I switched to nursing. Yeah.
I'm thinking about it. It was kind of what I was thinking about and then like all of this happened so I don't know what to do. Mm
It is. It's very, very crazy. Right. Okay.
mm hmm. Yeah, I did. Um your college switch to online classes.
We switched online too. And now they're going back. Some of some classes are going back and other classes are online. I didn't do too good online.
It is, I, I haven't got a desk but I kind of throw it stuff on it. So I did most of my homework in bed and I would end up taking naps.
No,
it is, it's comfy and it's just, I didn't do too.
I graduated in May. So I'm done. Um I do want to go back. I just, I'm indecisive right now. I'm trying to decide what to do with my life.
Mhm. Um I wish I could give you some amazing goodbyes. But um I kind of picked a major, I was indecisive and then one day I was driving and I was listening to music and I was thinking about what I wanted to do my whole life, like what job would make me want to get up and I wouldn't hate it. Mhm. Yeah.
Yes, I did on housing and I'll see if I don't hate it.
Thank you. I best of luck to you
don't stress about it. You have time
Um in my nursing classes, those people and there was someone in the 50s,
it was so neat that no matter how old you was, you can always go back and switch your mind and Yeah.
Yeah. I just don't stress you got time. Yeah. Yeah.
Um a lot of netflix videos.
I like scary movies,
it sounds big, but it's not, I watch scary movies and then I get scared and I had to sleep with my lights on,
I think you know what comedy is too,
just laughing kinda helps with this dress and a lot of netflix and reading. I love books.
I love hey parlor. Um there's a book by George Orwell um 1974 I think
94. Yes. I love that book. I just read it. I'm trying to do more classic books. I educate myself.
Some of them,
some of the classic books I just can't get into
like sign. It was way too long and just I couldn't do it,
you know? Well Anatomy.
Yeah.
Uh It's hard to read a book or watch a movie when you know it's incorrect in
fact.
Yeah. I hate that. I know that times was different back then but still I just.
Yeah.
Do you have any animals?
It's cool. I have two dogs.
chuck and champ.
Um chuck is a german shepherd on and champ is a yorkie poo. The truck is like so big and champ is so tiny
chuck. He just turned one in june. Yeah Will be 11 in August. Mhm
champa
so grumpy and chuck has so much energy and it's so cute to watch them play
you know skill. Um What's your dog's name?
This sounds so cute.
Mhm.
You
animals? I love how they all have their own personality and it's so cute.
I know the stupid ones. Just cute. I just love all animals. I also have some bunnies. Like some rabbits.
There you are the sassy. Yeah some of them will like let you hold them in other of them like you can't touch them.
You it's up to the rabbit, some of them you can play with them and hold them and pet them other bunnies, they don't really like being pet. Um If you go to pick them up you have to do it slowly. Don't startle them. If they get scared they will claw you. But other than that they're really friendly. They love snacks, get out of your hands.
It was so cute. They die easily sadly but it was so cute. Mhm. Mhm.
They can live about five years.
Um I have some rabbits started. Two girls they put a long time along, we just take good care of them. Um When the baby is just born it's kind of they die easily been. Mhm. Unfortunately they just have to be careful when the babies they don't get any snacks. Just milk and hey but once they get past that they live a long time. Okay.
Mhm mm.
Thank you. I think
um Julia voi. Um No. Yeah
if they want to champ loves to sniff them and the bunnies will allow that. They don't like it but they will allow that
he the scale chuck, he wants to play with them but he's really excited and he doesn't know that he's a big animal, he's almost as tall as me when he's on Like two ft and it gets so excited and he scales the bunnies one time. Um We chocolate um chuck play with Leo, one of the Labatt and he pinned leo down in licked. Um Leo was terrified so they don't get to play, just talk wants to but he doesn't understand that he's a big dog. You have to be careful. Okay.
and then I have a cat, it's kind of my cat, it's a outdoors cat it showed up
one day and so kind of adopted it and I feed it and it stays in my garage.
I
willie,
she's a cute
it's fun. It's it's a venture.
I love, I live in town. I'm hoping to one day live in the country and I just can have like all these animals.
This
love animals so much.
I hope one day you can have all the dogs you want.
Um if you could have any, what would it be? Mhm.
So cool
this man.
Uh Al I love owls and it's illegal to own one and I live in Illinois.
Let's meet Thanks.
I
know
Illinois if you have a wildlife license, you can own one. But other than that it's illegal. Okay. Mhm.
There's I don't know what the closest Wild Bald one is that. There is an animal shelter close to where I live about 20 minutes away and I have been wanting to go volunteer there forever and life happens. Yeah.
That's what I've been doing. I one day at the time I'm getting kind of cabin fever being inside so much, but
that's actually why I started doing solves
two, I needed something to, I'm a night out so I'm up all night And it gets lonely at night because my family goes to bed at like nine so so I do and solve a so I would have something to do.
I feel that all the time if you think about it, just interrupt me. Yeah.
Yes.
it, have you ever been to Illinois?
So you know when people think of Illinois, they think of Chicago, I don't live anywhere near Chicago. I live in a tiny town of about 1200 people and the Illinois is mostly farmland,
so just I live in a tiny little town, a lot of farmland. Not much happens, Not much to do. We have a lot of animals though,
it's common episode often like once a month, there will be like a deal running around town.
Oh, so cute. Um How is Washington?
I'm so jealous. I am so jealous.
It does. I don't think I mentioned that I kind of live like 12, kind of like in the middle of Illinois, but kind of down
mostly down, I'm bad about describing things.
Chicago is like, I've never been to Chicago actually, but it's up to the top of Illinois and I like towards the bottom of Illinois um in the country, it's pretty a lot of trees, wild animals. I don't want to live in a big city like you.
so neat. Um we, that closest like walmart is like 25 minutes away.
so it's like when you go shopping you have to get food for like a week or two in advance which I thought that was common. And then um one of my friends like live in a big city and she's like oh no well I only get food for like that day. I'm
like why?
That's what I was comin I always plan and then I like budget and like then go shopping
I would get lazy. Sometimes I have days I wake up and I'm like I don't want to like take a shower and get dressed. Someone just lay in bed. Thanks. Mhm.
Me too. I I got laid off in april.
It's okay. That kind of just been lazy.
I work as a C. N. A. Mhm.
Yeah A. C. N. A. Um
You don't know what it is.
Um It's like a nice aid. It's a new assistant. So like in hospitals they walk with Mosses and I like help get you dressed and get you ready for the day.
um I worked at a hospital in the mental health unit for um people 55 years and older or most. Yeah.
I know. I didn't think it would happen. I worked at a small hospital though so but like all the hospitals around here how to lay people off and nobody's hiring for losses
it's fine. It happens okay.
It is things are kind of just really strange.
I know and I don't know if it's just because living in a small town but I've noticed that people been like mean lately.
I don't know everyone just I know those stress but everyone just kind of mean all lately.
Oh it's fine thank you fighting you. I haven't really been able to do.
It's fine. Sorry if I keep asking me what sometimes the volume kind of what's
up?
I know especially everybody using it nowadays and this just isn't keeping up to good
interesting. Do you have to will face mask in class? Okay. I thought so. Questions
I I know around hill like elementary schools are starting back up
and you have to wear a face mask and I don't think little kids are gonna will face mask very
well.
I
I feel so bad. Everything is kind of like all messed up right now and. Mhm.
I hope that doesn't happen for you, but there's always those people who can't listen to the walls. Yeah. Yeah,
hoping that everyone's list. Okay. Mhm. Yeah.
It is like I was thinking a few days ago that like I went to walmart to do like grocery pickup so like you oil online and then they bring it to you to your vehicle and just seeing everybody railing mask and it's just it's so crazy.
Um and I don't know if like whatever going to go back to not them in mask. Was this something that's always going to happen? I don't know. It's just crazy.
breathe
Yeah, I remember back in, I think it was january of february when I first heard about the coronavirus and I never thought it was going to be this bad.
No, I wish like uh maybe like I should have took it serious back in february, you know? Stock up face mask.
No, No, No, No, this isn't 2020 has been terrible.
Yes, I was joking that I turned 22 in July And I decided that I wasn't 2023, it's gonna stay 22. I didn't get to enjoy being 23.
hoping that like we'll be better one day I hope, wow.
Yeah I yeah I didn't sleep too well last night.
I have been doing that to staying up until like three, getting up 12 Uh one and then like sleeping schedule has been so messed up. Yeah.
Oh yeah. Don't yeah go go to your cello. That's exciting.
It's
nice to talk to you.
Thank you.
Thank you so much and don't stress, you'll feel like everything else. You're young. You have time go. Good luck on the school. You wear your mask, social distance and all that. Good
stuff shouldn't go have fun with the cello
found by you