Hello. Hi. I've been frantically trying to get my laptop like in everything, working for the past like a minute. Sorry.
Okay. That's good. That makes me feel alot better than. How are you doing?
Fine, tired. How was your day?
I'm a little jealous. Then
I had organic chemistry pretty much all day.
Okay. So I say that but I really like organic chemistry. I liked it a lot more than general john cam. But still today was really long.
I'm junior.
Okay. How do you like Jenkins?
That's
good.
Well, I did mediocre and jen can. So that's fine. I really did not like general chemistry until I had organic Really? Which is weird.
So I think for general kim the focus is mathematics and for organic, the original focus is concepts, which it just depends on which you get easily. So I get concepts a lot easier. So that's why I'm liking this a lot more than
I did before.
Biology major.
All right. Nice. Where'd
you go to Biology?
What made you pick? Biology?
Mm That's good.
Um Well it sounds stupid but the original reason was because so I go to a small college. Um Zoology was just a general study and most people don't really do well in that class but I loved it. That was probably one of my favorite classes up until that point. And then towards the end I think we were It was like six people including me that got an A on the exam and that was it. So I was like well I like the subject and I do find it so why not?
So now I plan on moving on to after a masters in genetic counseling because I took a gen X. Class and that's what I really liked. So that's
probably
what I'll do next.
Uh huh. See. Uh huh. I really like genetics. The only problem is I like the science side of genetics. The people side I could it would take But you're basically advising patients. So you work half in the lab and a half talking to patients about genetic disorder disorders or their chance of genetic disorders. So you do DNA testing in the lab, you analyze that data and you come back with the patient and pretty much talk them through, you know if they were worried about any potential thing that might come up or they have a specific disorder that they wanted to focus on, you would counsel them through that and give them what chances they have, usually what chances they have of offspring
having
it. Yes. Yeah
that's usually what
happens.
Uh huh. I'm a pretty big introvert. It depends on who I'm talking to. I know I don't seem like it now, it's about 5050 give or take on if I'm scared shitless, I'm talking to someone and perfectly fine and just really good at faking it. I'm
doing
laddering
so far, it's the last part which is fine. Usually if you don't admit that you're trying to uh act more social than you usually are, people don't notice so it's nice.
usually that works.
Z I have practice,
understand that? 100
Other
and.
Um I see. My problem is that um one I feel as if I'm an introvert into I feel like if you're talking to someone about a genetic disorder that their child might have, you kind of have to really understand the emotional part of that you can't say. So the science is really cool. Really look at this, you can't focus on that part. You have to really be compassionate. Which is the part I have trouble with.
I know like this is really sad but really look at this computer moderate look this is so cool. You don't even know why are you crying?
That
is
the very old dog that barks pretty much all the time. Um So I live with my mother and her fiance right now and I also helped take care of my grandma. That's her dog who is very too much old. Very very old. Um Yeah it's all difficult because her husband just passed away last year. So we're starting to get to the point where dog might we might have that conversation but right now she can't pick herself up. Um She usually if she has to do anything it's usually starts with screaming. Her vocal cords have not asia at all, she's very loud so that's good at least. But um otherwise it's you might hear that just
fair
warning,
that's fine. I'm a dog person too. I actually don't have my child with me right now.
She's
she's
usually on mine too but she was a little pissed. That makes I got home late for one and two. I also had two other stuff when I got home so I paid little attention to her. Usually I have to hold her for at least a little bit when I get home
small small
is spoiled.
mine is also terrified of everything in the world, so that's good too.
she's actually like that too. She'll chase cats and you look at her, she's such a small dog, she would that's not a fight, she would. So you kind of look at her like honestly come on, you're not going to win that anyway. So, she's not scared of things that she should be scared of and she's scared of other things. Like a sharpie that I might be using, that I menacingly
All
right. I know what that's gonna do. What do you plan on doing with your degree?
true. You'll do fine.
That was my reasoning for genetic counseling. There's a high demand for it. So, like, OK, that'll be easy
now that I think about it. I haven't looked that up, so I'm a little hopeful now, but I don't I don't think so.
I don't
think I'd be that lucky.
What?
That's weird because when I when I imagine a dermatologist, I imagine someone like really happy and extroverted and bubbly.
That's fair. But they might be better at, you know, comforting you.
Mhm. I'm sure there is. I feel genomics is relatively new compared to others. So genetic counseling is much newer than that. That has a higher demand. So that's understandable. But there might be a position lab so I didn't even think about that. I might
have
to concern that.
Yeah. It's actually funny because I talked with my new advisor today. He was talking about PhD positions which I didn't really know what I want to do next. So he was so my previous adviser that so me being an introvert, it takes me a while to get comfortable with someone I have to regularly deal with on daily basis. So I got comfortable with my previous adviser that was fine and then she went to another university. So this was today meeting my advisor for the first time, him talking about PhD and becoming professor and honest like sure, okay,
that's pretty much what I did. And I had of course
being
on
campus,
I don't even know what I want to do after this, so at least the whole time I had a mask on. So at least half of my facial expressions for Ed and I'm sure how much how afraid I was at the mentioning that was at least somewhat hidden. So I feel better about that.
he
was talking about that. I was thinking how the hell am I gonna pass by GRS for getting a masters? That's what I'm really worried about. Oh that's another question. Are you on campus?
I mean do you go
to campus?
So that's um so you do online classes, but that's not because of coping.
Yeah.
I have mixed feelings about because I would much rather stay at home and be comfortable. But I mean after taking, we have to take chemistry online,
I live,
Oh God, it was a shit show. I'm going to be honest when we first had to go online because I go to a small college, it's about
two, students on campus. Very small. Class sizes are about 30, 40, and Uh huh. Yeah, it's pretty small. And then um science professors, they mostly have labs, so they don't worry about the online side. So what um what do you use for if you were are you still going on on campus classes, you would have some online element, Like, have you heard a blackboard?
Okay, so they don't really use that. In fact, every class that I've had with one of my um professors, he's a parasitology researcher, he bitches about blackboard, every class that I've had with him, he spends some sort of time complaining about it so he doesn't use it. And of course after all this time when we actually need to use it, they have no idea what
to do,
I oh God, I would definitely agree with that because it was towards the start of when we were just about to start the semester when they were pretty much told, okay, so you're gonna do your class online now, Good luck. However, however that works, just figure it out every halfway through even so I have two different chemistry professors um that started to teach the class kind of um in unison together. Um Yeah, in the middle of semester they were like so what are your other professors doing for exams? What are they doing? Because they really just didn't know how to change the chemistry clouds online. So they resorted to literally asking their students how other people are doing it.
I don't
have
I don't have to deal with that now so it's fine.
Yes it's it's on campus, we have social, I think it's a small of campus to where the population density isn't that
concern? So
yeah, so we just have masks and then we sterilize our desks every time we come in class.
Yes. I mean even if I didn't like chemistry that's just a class, that's so much eating person.
quick question. What is that? I have not had, I have never heard of that before now.
And so
that's so weird.
So how do you, how do you do work? Do you have to like hold
up
your notebook and.
Okay,
I
curse like a sailor do I'd probably be doing the same.
Uh See now I feel glad that my professors can barely handle the great book on blackboard.
I've never even heard of that before, that
sounds awful.
Yeah, I know, that sounds terrible, I would hate that.
Well they also benefit of that is going to small college, I could curse in front of my professors, they wouldn't care person class to, that's fine,
That's a pretty big class to for me 30 If it's 30 to 40, that's probably like zoology or botany, which is generated two,
so you get people who aren't science majors in it as well.
Yeah, pretty much everyone knows all the science professors, that's mainly because there is a city too, there's really only for right now we have a new professor now, so no one knows her yet. Really? But honestly you have a close relationship with four other professors
if
you couldn't.
I really understand that. My graduating class was like 67.
two people didn't graduate, so I
I actually do. Yeah, I have no idea what they're doing now, but yeah, because I had them in my class all my life. I was
fine
with
that.
Um Okay. I have to think about that. I have mixed very mixed feelings. It's very good and very bad. It's easy to know everyone in your class and grade. It's also bad because I mean high school is pretty much a lot of gossip honestly. So I mean if you have the same group of people to talk about all your life, you have to really make it interesting. So that kind of forces that um and if you don't like someone than too bad, you have most of your classes with. So there were definitely good and bad but I was definitely used to just being in small town where a lot of people knew even um me sometimes and I don't interact with people in my old town.
Ready?
That's the spirit.
So a little of both, we moved between like in the middle of going here, I live in the state over Which is even smaller town that I know absolutely No one. So that's great. But before my college was literally 10, 11 minutes away so it was right there and I got a scholarship there. So okay you know what, I'll go originally I just want to get my generals and then go somewhere else for computer science. But then same reason for you. I I talked more with my professor and I was like this sounds I didn't want to do that anymore.
Where?
President,
I definitely take some work around but practical.
Product.
Did you python
product?
Hey,
You ask anyone who's in the computer science and they'll have their own strong opinion that how to start so you can take with a grain itself. I think I thought is a lot easier for someone who's mindset isn't already geared towards programming, java is a lot easier if you already have that mindset and I already understand you know how everything works? Um python it's still a nice language and it's very easy to understand. You just go down all the command lines and it's easy, it's just there. So
but
I
get that.
No,
I don't even want you either. It's something I'm still in your sitting. Uh huh.
And
Yeah. At least do you have anything like that in high school?
Do has a java in high school? Really?
I have to do that anyway I'm a science major but I hate me so I'm kind of forced to deal with it at this point.
I'm a little jealous because I'm still uh organic. I wasn't getting into calculus and I'm like okay so
I have to
review some logs but
practice
that
sounds
tough.
especially for me because in high school I was not a student who would you would think was a science major ever. I think my G. P. A. Was like 2.6 2.7 which
sounds terrifying to me now. So I had like the easy math classes which you give to students who aren't going to really need the advanced classes
which is fine unless you have one student who actually starts giving a damn halfway through their life and it starts nipping it.
Hopefully I get there because it's
still
But anyway
for
Okay. Yeah that's easy.
that's
fine.
I'm
more than having to stop there. But for our computer science it was nowhere in your java it was Alice. Which
is it's fine. It's basically um you're programming is just taking blocks of pre made code and dragging them to make a scene in three dimensional space that moves models. Let's prove it yet.
It's very very easy. Have you heard of scratch? At least
it's like that. It's like scratch. Which if you're the problem with being a small school and form farm town is you can't go too far for the students who are in computer science and get that. So you kind of have to go back a little bit. So if you actually do like that subject, you know you can talk with the teacher which I had to and it was the assignments were more flexible, so if you want to do more or I think someone programmed like a bunch of models in the background to dance to the Soviet Union March. So if you want to do something more advanced it's fine. So at least the assignments more free. But yeah, it was not useful at all.
Yeah that's fair. I
definitely
agree
that
that's fine.
You probably won't need it ever again.
Is there no more like at least easy bud
math class and
say
you can take
are
you technically what's to keep going up?
That's
fair.
Uh We are actually at time five
minutes over but i it would be funny to just to advanced math then go backwards and just do algebra.
I don't I don't blame you either. I still don't like
I don't even want to do that though. That's a problem. But it's one of those things where I don't technically have to do it outside my
free time but
if
I do it would be held blood easier to understand other stuff.
So
any any science major you need math in general which sucks. I went for computer science and then science which both need math. I don't like that. So obviously I'm bad at decision making
but Oh well
yeah that's the spirit I technically graduated and it was very nice talking to you.
Uh huh. Um Did we get each other's names? I don't even think I ever asked you your name.
Well
if you're not comfortable that's fine. Um
It was
very
nice talking to you.
No I
didn't.
thanks. Matthew.
It's nice to meet you too. Hope you have a good rest of your night or morning whatever it is.
Okay good rest of your night then