No, it's fine. I was running late. Too
good. How are you?
Um It was good. I didn't do much. So pretty good. Standard day. Uh huh.
Yeah, What did you do today?
Yeah. Well that's, I'm taking that next year and I'm so scared.
So you're in college and second year or?
Okay. So yeah. Okay, so at my school we do done came fresh from freshman year and then or go the next year um in gen come right now.
Um That's okay. I had a test yesterday on it. Um It was okay. I
kind
of, I did kind of mediocre on the first one, so I had to bust my ass for this one.
Is it a lot to like, no, like you just, I don't know, like just know so many different rules.
that's
good. Yeah. So what's your major?
Oh, me too.
So
what
um basic pre med track major. Um but it actually is something that I'm interested in. I did research in a lab and um it's just really fun for me so I decided to go the biology sciences group.
What made you pick? Biology?
that's
So
what
what is genetic counseling exactly?
Developing
our.
That's
So
what's wrong with the people part of it?
So where
does
this conversation full?
That's cool, fake it till you make. Yeah. So
I actually couldn't tell at all. So you're very good at picking.
I was thinking it was kind of like just not wanting to deal with I don't know people because I get that I work retail and it's just. Uh
People are the worst, like you just get to see the worst of people in retail so I get that.
But I don't know I'm pretty extroverted
so I like I would definitely want to field in where I could like talk to people constantly
Yeah okay that makes sense. You can't just be like oh your kid might get this lifestyle changes but honestly this is so cool.
cool. I promised, so what kind of dogs do you have? I hear them barking in the doctrine,
is it
just
Yeah I know
it's fine,
I was just I'm a big dog person so I was wondering but I'm sorry
I
was about to turn around and look too because usually my dog is right behind me on my bed at all times. But
he
she beggar a smaller
mine is
multiple. Yeah he's the same small spoil, wow.
my God. So is my, I mean, I don't know, he's not scared of like things that could actually hurt him. But if you just say no teddy still literally sulk for an hour. So
Yes, exactly. Yeah. He just advice like spray perfume in my room. He'll just leave. He just, I don't know. I think he was like a sad thing. I don't know because if I hold the can of perfume near him, he'll like shake his head and like
run off.
I want to be okay. So I want to go into the medical field for sure. Um I wanted to be a cardiologist and then I shouted a cardiologist and was terrible. So I want to be, I want to be a dermatologist. That's what I really want to do. But it's super competitive so I'm already stress uh
Thanks. But yeah, it's just I don't know, I'm very interested in it and it makes a lot of money. So why not?
Is there is there like um like a job position in genetic counseling where you don't have to talk to people or is that just out of the question?
because
I know
one of my friends wants to be a dermatologist, but she also doesn't want to talk to people because she's she's she really wants to go into like lab dermatology.
So like when they biopsy you and they send it off until the lab, it's not like your dermatologist that does it. Another dermatologist, She wants to be the one inside a lab that never has to talk to people.
I guess that's not the type of person you want to like tell you you have skin cancer.
Yeah, true. But she just wants to be behind the scenes. She doesn't want anything to do with people.
I feel
like,
yeah, what you're looking for.
Mhm. Just go along with whatever they say
the whole
time
you're
just like, no, no, no, no,
He probably just thinks he was helping you out so much and in reality you were just uncomfortable.
What?
I am not. I'm actually at home right now.
Not
a dorm room. No, I don't I live pretty far away from where my colleges so I did not miss semester.
No, it is because of covid yeah.
I don't know. It's just easier to stay at home and my parents are you know, old or and it's just just easier
and yeah.
What do you think about online classes?
What?
that's what we is,
how
to use it. No, that's terrible. I mean, yeah, that is pretty bad. I was thinking maybe for like tests, they haven't figured out the whole honor lock situation and which would be good because the open book house are the best, but I don't have a lot. I feel like I'd be very irritating.
Oh that's terrible. I'm sorry. Um
I
feel like
what do you do now? Is it in person or?
That makes sense.
kids would just be easy.
Yeah, that means that's good that it's an in person now. That's good. My college, I feel like I was pretty well adopted having online learning classes, like a bunch of teachers had already done it, stuff like that. So I really like see any of the I don't know the struggle that you mentioned. Um But I really feel like I would have liked chemistry more in person. No.
Yeah. And the whole like monologue exam things is driving me nuts because if you look down like start writing and like you just, you have to keep your face in frame and if you move out of frame, they like cause your tests and it's like, I'm not cheating, I'm just trying to figure out a problem.
Oh, okay. Well sorry, I've just been mentioning it. Um, so it's like the software that you install and it accesses like your screen, share it, accesses your webcam and actually your audio. And if they like, they, and they make you like scan your room beforehand and locked down your, your screen so you can't do more than one tab. And basically it's just a monitor you while you're taking the exam. And the thing about it is that like there's no they don't actually say like what they're also taking off of your like computer or like your browsing history or whatever. They could literally just be like looking into everything you do and like saving your data and like they just don't mention like get on their website at all. So first of all it's a huge privacy thing but also it's just so annoying.
It's just like
yeah and it's proctor to buy like a I definitely like see something suspicious. They like send an actual person into your like thing to look at you and the camera. It's so bad. But anyway so your webcam was like right here, right and you have to be like looking into it. So if I like look down so I do my work, they like shut down your exam screen. I took a blank screen just like put your face back and frame and my face will be back and frame and they won't open it for like another five minutes.
So I
like
it's like this. Yeah. Just
constantly looking into the screen and I like her so that my my um because they do like a recording, so I'm constantly cursing like whatever they shut it down. I'm like, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you
turn it back on.
And I'm like at the end of my exam, I'm like, I'm so sorry because if my professor watches, I'm like, I'm so sorry. I'm just so sorry for I'm not it's not at you. Mhm.
Yeah. Oh my God. I just I thought I was like so universal now.
lucky
lucky.
That's the worst.
That's good. Yeah. Uh huh. I go to such a bait school. Um I just can't imagine having only 30 people in class. It's like it's always like 300 people in class.
islands.
That's so cool. You can really talk to your professors.
Yeah. That's really good. That's interesting. I
don't know.
I just yeah, I just wanted a bigger school. I don't know. I just want to like all my life, I've just known the same people, you know what I mean? Like it was just like, oh they say I grew up with all the same people so I was like, I really want to go to a bigger school.
in high school? Oh wow.
That's embarrassing. You know exactly those two people are with it's that small.
So
what
do you
think about that? Did you like that? I don't know.
mm. That seems I don't know, it seems different from what I experience because it wasn't really small,
it's just like I guess, I don't know, it's not a small town, it was just I just I don't know, I knew a bunch of people and I just wanted to not be around those people anymore.
So did you did you leave the town or is your college like near it? Or near your house?
Computer science. Yeah.
I hate that. I hate um java so much. I hate all coding. I'm just got at it, my brain just doesn't function like that.
I don't know.
I just and it just never clicked for me and I've taken so many
CS classes, it's just I was just trying to get even a little bit of coding all of that and it just, I couldn't do it.
No,
I didn't. I did um my God,
matt log and then I did lava for two years. All right. Think about it.
Maybe
I'll try a python, but more likely I won't.
I
just, I don't want to,
I really don't want to.
Oh, I just have so much ptsd surrounding. Yes. I just, I don't
know. I could never make it work.
Yeah, I did. That's where I did my job.
I went to a very intense high school and I did a very intense program in that very intense high school. So, um, I've taken up to differential equations and linear algebra and that was my senior year. Defeat you and linear algebra, but the plus of that is that I never have to look at it off again. Um So I never will be looking about.
Yeah. And I'm just, I'm so glad to go over with. I'm so happy and every second mouth class again.
Oh
my
differential equations when I took it in high school. I
remember like looking at an entire page amount I've done being like, I do not understand what I did here. It was tough. It was tough.
It's
just like
I just feel like at some point like why? Yeah. Yeah.
So
No.
Mhm. It's okay. I feel like math is easier to learn when you're there are like easier to like, I feel like it just makes sense when you're older. I don't know.
You
will, you will. Don't worry. That's
Just don't
go, just don't go too far.
Yeah, I would say maybe you just helped to maybe talk to three and stop them and that's
that's
all you know.
All right. Uh huh.
Brothers.
That's what's interesting.
I think so. Yeah. Yeah.
And yeah, I don't know. I don't know how much of what I learned in high school was useful anyways. I don't even know some of it just my in one year of the other like you learn it for the test and you don't know it after that.
I
feel like that's
where all
of my job I went
because
yeah, I just I'm not interested. Well, it's like for me to get a mouth minor. I think all I have to do is take six more credits, which would be like two classes. And my dad was like, oh go ahead and do it. It's just two classes. And I'm like, I don't want to take two more classes and math, that just sounds terrible.
well
I
can't
go like below, you know what I mean? Like because I've taken diff eq and linear algebra is like the next step would be like, I don't know. I don't even know what's above that, like theoretical analysis of mathematical models. I don't even know.
But
I think that I'm pretty sure I'm pretty sure I honestly have to look into that, but I don't think I want to even like do anything
be
on
didn't
Yeah, that's true. But it's just not something I'm interested in, I don't know.
that's okay. Just have to get through cal Quantrill too.
And
that makes
on.
Yeah, that is
true. Especially if you're I don't know, science majors usually need physics.
Well yeah,
no, it'll be okay, that's okay. So you get degrees?
Yeah. I was I talking to you as well?
I don't know if that's something where like I didn't I didn't even know I'm in, Do I
end you? Uh
I
just
had mine.
Oh I just had my name. Did you know hear did
he
not? Oh Indu and do I envy you?
Hi. It's nice to meet you Matthew.
that is night.
Give you two.