Hello.
Hi.
Um I think my sister it's not something I'm proud of it and texting me to do it. So now I'm here I guess by you.
How are you? Like teen? Are you 18? Oh you look you look older than that. Yeah
I'm just
graduating college this week.
No. Yeah it's pretty depressing.
I know.
Oh that's cool. I'm in the Chicago suburbs.
Very much so. Lockdown. How are you?
Yeah. Are you on online school?
Oh that's so short.
Which
ones
are you taking?
that's good.
Yeah we've been online since like my spring break.
Um It's like fine. Like I only had two classes that were like on zoom so that was fine but um it
didn't get any easier which was kind of disappointing. I thought it would be easier but now um so that sucked. Yeah and I've been I mean I moved back home with my parents, which Uh huh.
So yeah, not doing great time.
you know
where
you're going?
Oh that's good school.
I
toured
ut Austin
and
I will
come there.
It's too hot for me.
No.
Right, what are
you studying?
Well, oh,
that's a bad way to start college too. And then school finally is in person, you go there and no one. Yeah. Yeah.
it's nice
that
you get to go to school pretty close to your home
that somebody
like me, like I go to university of Illinois, so that's like my state's flagship school, which like is a very good school like you did in boston um just wouldn't have been worth it to go anywhere out of state, so.
Well that's really cheap.
I'm civil engineering. Yeah, that's fine. I wish
I did
see s, if I could go back, I would do CS.
you can try to take a few yes, of course. This lawyer there just to have them on your resume. My friend is doing Nikon and trying to mind for stds just because I feel like the two woman really connect a few years.
I still
don't, don't have to know. Mhm
wow.
Oh
yeah, I don't know. Dude, I feel like
something's got to happen. We have every scientist in the world working on a cure or a vaccine or something, right? I can't take this long.
well
Well
no,
I'm
like, let's worried about myself because I guess I'm like young and I don't really have any other characters, but I'm just like worried about the economy is going to be like completely destroyed and then I'm going to be like, hey, I don't have any money, I get a job and you won't believe that once.
expression
I don't know how long it's been.
Four
I'm
supposed
to go on a spring break trip with a bunch of my friends. Yeah. I think I cancelled, which shocked because that's like our big senior.
Yeah. I was supposed to go to Italy and then I was like, well that's not happening.
I don't
know. Yeah
dude. Air currents. I like to go like riding sometimes that like public parks and I read the article, I was biking Who has it, their current extends 20 people, know, which is like terrifying
schools
book.
I mean like asian countries where masks when
they're like general a lot more often than we do here. I'd be fine with that, but I don't want to wear a mask all the time everywhere. I'm sorry to breathe, you know?
The
real tragedy?
Oh my God, let
me see.
Okay.
Oh my God,
she's so cute.