Yeah. Okay. Well, points. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Oh my God. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This is the location, yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Higher. Mm
This is strange. Alameda. Okay, so We have to go for 25 minutes. All right. So, um, what's your name I guess? Okay, I'm Sydney. Uh
huh. All right. Mm. So what led you to this prolific study?
Pretty much the same thing. I'm just trying to like make money before college I guess. So.
Yeah.
No.
that's this is not a good time to graduate. That's unfortunate.
Yes. Yeah, the job market is not, not great. I, I can't, that's why I'm online, can't get the job.
But um, yeah, I'm just just chilling. So, um, so where do you, where do you, where do you live in the U. S. I'm in austin texas.
Oh, nice, Nice. Oh yeah. Yeah, I don't know, y'all, y'all still locked down I guess. Mhm.
Same. Or they have like a partial reopening but um But the it's like everyone is still pretty much social distancing. Um So so yeah I've kind of adopted the quarantine. I'm now I'm not a creature of the quarantine and I don't leave the House seven.
Um Yeah but like the thing is it's We got our loss assignments like three or four days ago. Um we have until May 30 to complete them all. Um And it's not like they're really easy. Um And then once that's done I'm I'm just on the school you had some ap tests but We're all like online now like 45 minutes long so it's pretty easy. Huh?
Yeah. I know because usually you know you go in and you go in and like it's this whole last thing where you sit there for like four hours and take this test, but now you just pop onto your browser and do the thing um
which is probably
good.
Oh God, too many. I took um on monday I took both the ap physics tests and the ap job test. Um I took the ap latin test today after that and the ap english test on Wednesday And then I have 80 macro micro and then ap start next week. But all of them turned out pretty pretty easy. Not too bad.
Yeah. Mhm. So yeah, house has your, has your, has your quality online?
Mm hmm. How's that con?
Mhm.
Oh,
Yeah, no, I can, I can see how that would, that would kind of suck. Um Especially like, like at the end of college, that's yeah, I'm hope, I'm hoping the we actually go to college in the fall because
I
know.
Yeah, yeah, I'm going to Ut Austin so
yeah, so um I'm just uh I've I've been like um I've known I was going there since like november, so I've just been chilling out since then, but I know,
I
don't think
oh yeah, it's I
mean
it's
school, it's um I mean I I quite like Austin, I hear from Tennessee I think like um four years ago, you know my freshman year of high school and I've come to quite like Austin so
Yeah. Yeah, the thing is I'm I'm suffering girl, I was raised in the south. So uh
like at the at this point, at this point I am, I've adopted the heat. It's it's better heat than like anywhere else in south because at least kind of dry. Whereas if you go to like central florida or like Tennessee or whatever, it's just awful humidity, I don't recommend so. Yeah, but it's it's a nice city
so
I am studying um I'm double majoring in plan to an economics um plan to use like this honors program or something with that's also a major um It's kind of like an interdisciplinary thing and then economics, but honestly my mother, my double nature might change because I'm pretty indecisive about it and I have you can pretty much change your major within the liberal arts college um pretty easily mm like by at the end of your first one year. So yeah. Again I'm just hoping that um hoping we actually go to school. I would like that. Uh huh. Because it would it would be really unfortunate to be sitting at home for another
seven months, 8 months.
Okay, that'd be very very unfortunate. I don't I guess they're at least seven housing but uh Yeah. Oh
you
could
yeah I know it's pretty solid like um Yeah it's going to be, I'll be like 20, minutes away. So um yeah I was um I was going to apply it like a bunch of schools but I got in so early that I was just like okay we're just not going to do that. So I I just applied to Ut and mm the thing is like um if you in terms of value, you tease, just like um better than like most, like if you look at out of state schools, many kind private private, I believed all that shit. Um You know there's like probably like a 25% chance that could have got into one of them. Um But in terms of the expense, it's just probably not worth it because they're, you know, I don't want to be a slave to my student debt for the rest of my life. Um and I was able to get a scholarship, you teen so it's better than it's just a better deal
problem.
no, yeah, no, like the like a sufficiently sized state school is going to be like pretty, pretty high quality um because like yeah and then um compared to like, yeah, just in terms of cost, it's it's much better. It's like um it's like I like, I think the tuition's pretty, pretty damn should be. UT It's like 7000 a year or something.
of course that's not housing, housing is like 15 K but the tuition is pretty cheap. Mhm. Okay, mm hmm. That's what we did. You major in?
Did
you?
Yeah. The uh I know, I know so many people doing doing CS like the thing is I feel like I guess there's a lot of jobs for these days. Um So Like I I feel like there's gonna be a ton of C.S. It's and like like 10 years or something because it's kind of the hot thing. But but yeah, my I have a UTI has like a crazy, it's probably a crazy competitive CS program to get into. Um Like oh god the U. T. Admission system is fucking insane. Um Because basically you have to apply for a specific major and then you're grouped into a college, your major is in a college and then within a college different majors have like vastly different acceptance rates. So. Yeah. Mm.
Yeah, that's that's a good idea. I've um God, I still don't know what I want to do with my life, so that's nice.
That's
I don't think you can, but it's fine. I'm not too worried about it at this point. There's nothing they can do. So quite like politics. But that's like no, exactly. Job man, I'll promise. Mhm,
mm.
So do you think coronavirus is gonna blow over soon or No,
It's
Yeah. The uh what I've heard they might do is there's like several 1000 people that volunteered to like get infected with it and get monitored and it would like speed up the vaccine for love by like a few months. But mm
but like then again, um I don't know if they're cool with that ethically. Yeah. So I I'm hoping for a vaccine though because like they can't really go back
to doing stuff normal until there's a vaccine, like it
just it's not possible.
So, yeah.
Oh yeah. No, that's, that's like, that's the thing. It's like um the economy, like I piddle around on the stock market a little bit and they don't like the economy is like going insane. Um like it's, it's crazy. Mm. Uh huh. Like the thing is no one even knows what's going to happen with it because it could just bounce right back once COVID-19 blows over. Um which it inevitably will or just like, it might be like a depression type thing caused by it, so.
Mhm. Like I, I really don't know. Mm mm. Mm. But yeah, I mean, I'm hoping the economy recover somewhat. That's um, it's kind of put a, it's kind of put a, put a nice hamper on grassroots political organizing because people can't meet currently. Um No, unless they're willing, unless they're crazy. Um and irresponsible so, so yeah. Mhm. Oh gosh,
Yeah, we've been we've we
were um in florida for spring break, like like just hanging out with my my uncle and his family and then um we got back I think mid March and we basically just been inside since then, like my dad goes off our groceries every now and then. But but yeah, we were pretty much chilling inside, right? I
don't
know.
Yeah, that's really unfortunate. You know, that's we were we had a trip plan to the U. K. And I thought, and I thought you want to decorate cancel because um we don't even know if they're just, they're going to really allow the international travel at that time, all of just too much uncertainty about it.
No. Yeah, no, I'm definitely not. Italy yeah. Italy is in a very unfortunate, unfortunate, I mean actually we're probably in a worse position in Atlanta. Maybe not, we're not as overwhelmed as Italy was. But the thing is like um Russia, they like closed their borders pretty early and yeah they closed their borders pretty early and they thought they had kind of kept it away but then they just got like hammered by it in like the last week and they have like the second most cases in the world now in
Russia.
Because the issue is the diseases just like crazy infectious um It's like um I watched a thing on it and like in an enclosed space like it was at a restaurant a chest like they they modeled this, it was like one person sitting at a restaurant um uh They infected like five other people at their table because they were speaking and then they infected like two or three other people um like downdraft of them from the air currents. Um Just because they were sitting there exposed for a long time.
let us tell. Yeah. No I've I've heard that like it's generally okay if you're outside because like even like walking around a store because um like it's the easiest time to get infected is from like prolonged contact.
Um But yeah that's that's like super scary. I I don't know I don't know if things are gonna go completely back to normal when uh it's all over masks might become just kind of a thing generally, which
would be kind of weird. Mhm.
Good.
Yeah I haven't I haven't worn natural in 95, I just worn like the The face masks. But I've heard the N- 95s are like it's very hard to breathe in. Um So yeah, and my God had to shave his beard for, huh? And it made him look weird. So uh what you want
now?
Yeah, I like this bearded man. It's just gone now. Uh huh. Mhm. Oh gosh, mm. Mhm. Yeah. But then the other thing is like the quarantine really bothered me for like, I think months maybe, but at this point I've got in for really blank. It's that routine. Um And now now I'm like, I'm just kind of like, I wanted to end, but I'm kind of neutral about it on it at this like honest and it's kind of weird. Plus we got a puppy um right before quarantine started, so I'm just taking care of her.
What?
Yeah. Okay. Oh God, real quick. She's on the floor calling your copy. I'm taking it off. Yeah. Oh,
what? Yeah.
Okay. She's upset at me.