Hi,
I'm doing pretty good. How are you?
Valerie
is
doing you too. I always forget to introduce myself and say my actual name. It's, it's a personality flaw.
Um how is the weather where you're at?
Oh, I imagine, I imagine. Yeah, I'm in California and I am literally boiling to death right now. That's why I mentioned it is like, I'm constantly thinking about how hot it is. It literally, it's late october and it is a solid 85 today. I'm like, please save me from this, I don't know,
thank you. I must say, wow. Have you lived in Wisconsin your whole life?
Born and raised California Born and raised were rare breed born and raised in a certain area.
What?
Oh, that's cool. Where did they move to?
That sounds about right. It sounds like somewhere someone would move. Yeah, I'm somewhat near sack. I live in Oakland near san Francisco. Um, so yeah, I don't know much about Wisconsin geography, I will tell you.
its massive. Yeah. Yeah. My my parents moved here from Russia actually and I'm the only person in my family who was born and raised here. Um but I was always like why there of all the places he could
have chosen, he just chose this random like town in California like. Oh
um but yeah, no, I've actually always wanted to visit Wisconsin because I'm a cheese person and here in Wisconsin as good cheese. So
what is
your favorite
cheese?
Good. That's the best way to be. I'm like honestly I was actually talking about this with my friend this weekend, I was like, is there really any other purpose to life other than eating because I have not found a different purpose yet.
Yeah. Yeah. No, I after covid is hopefully over one of these days, my first stop will be Wisconsin.
That's so interesting that you call like that you see a difference between like urbanized Wisconsin and then like the more rural area because to us it's always like Wisconsin is just rural in general. Like anything other than like new york florida, texas and California is like the middle of fucking nowhere. Yeah.
But
Anyone? Can you hear me?
As
but
a little more fast paced, but it's kind of like a give and take, right? You're kind of giving out the piece. The quiet, the I don't know humanity of it sometimes when you're in a big city. But I actually was looking up all of those Reddit most recently that are like what are good up and going places because I was moving so actually recently moved um to the place I'm currently and I'm still in the Bay Area, which clearly I did not listen to any of those up and coming. Um but yeah, it's so interesting because there are places I had literally never heard of or like places that I associate with, like, who would live there, Like the amount of Californians who have moved to Idaho baffles me Idaho in texas, I'm like, what?
You know, they say it's great.
You know, I don't either. I really don't, you can't pay me to live in a place called Idaho, like you just can't
of a deal
breaker.
potato museum maybe.
Thank you.
It only has Idaho potatoes. Oh,
what is scam? I feel
kind
of hurt by this new
What?
And
yeah, it reminds me of my first job, It was actually out of college. I was one of those students who worked, I guess it's like pure supporters. Like I just helped people answer questions for like other students and their during the summer or during breaks, like winter breaks. I was still working and we would just be bored out of our minds. Like the things we came up with to entertain ourselves like pencil throwing competitions, like the stupidest things. But you just bought him as a powerful truck.
I
feel
like I've heard of that.
How did you do it
at least once. So what is Turkey bullying?
How you doing?
What
Who says?
Well
how about
exports?
Hello?
Do tell
this.
But like the good kind of change
that.
Sounds like the like rural grocery store, small town grocery experience
of like
not
it's
just dead. It's funny
because
I feel
like
grocery stores here like it could be any time of year, any time of day literally just anything could be happening. There's a fire in the grocery store there is someone buying something there I can guarantee
what.
So
I.
I
love how
he said out of the grocery business like he left the mom just like
out of
the grocery
business
you guys
well
for
you're
Problem.
And
Now
what?
you're
joking. That's so
wow that is I I kind of understand what you're talking about when you're like that like closeness bond that you kind of only get working like customer facing service jobs that are essential. There's just like this whole different culture associated with it. Like I was working at a community college um over here in an area that's like not the best and again like that opportunity piece Like a lot of the people I was working with like I eventually transferred to um U. C. Berkeley which obviously is a top tier university. Not everybody had the means to be able to do that. Um So a lot of people that were on the older side and just had such unique life experiences that you just don't typically find and like an internship at facebook or whatever it might be. Um But there was something about like a working with people directly which I'm sure you still get as a teacher but I work in the business world now and I do not get that And I constantly like reevaluate my life. I'm like what am I really doing for the good of society by working on this excel sheet. Nothing nothing at all. Mm.
They,
I
but I
also
not
Ooh
they feel you there.
Rightfully so.
Or,
And
here.
No.
Yeah. That's
so interesting because I am. It's a first of all a fellow early graduate er High I also took an insane amount of credits. I'm guessing you were working at the same time as
you
did. Yeah me too. Um It's definitely a unique experience. I am. I had also non traditional college experience which I just find solidarity in with people who didn't have like that four year like freshman like senior. Like I don't know it's just so interesting. Um But the career that I ended up getting into is um So I went to school for business specifically. I was kind of on track to go into the consulting and finance world. But when I was transferring to U. C. Berkeley actually started working for a health care company. And not what I expected to be doing whatsoever. If you ask me that would be like at the bottom of the list. But I actually started working as a designer and researcher. Um And so the reason I actually chose to stay in this job and stay in healthcare when like a lot of my peers were going into like investment banking which obviously pays so much more also is like soul sucking but you know um was because my job is to talk to people. All I do is talk to people and design solutions for them that meet their needs and I was like I'm not going to get this experience and a lot of places unless I start working for a design company. Um And I was pretty satisfied with where I was at the moment but it's just such a different experience and like the worst thing I could think for myself is like sitting in a cubicle, never interacting with people and never seeing the impact of my work. Like that's just imagine like just saying something off and never knowing what you did or like seeing the value of what you've done. It's just insane to me.
You're the personal cheerleader for hR at your school?
There.
Not your problem.
there you go. The type of power I wish I had.
Well also that that's kind of like the expectation of your job is that comes first, right? As a principal, What comes first is the fires and putting them out and then you can focus on like the rewarding, personable things. But as a teacher, that stuff comes first. Um
And you do.
hmm.
Middle school is the devil,
You
know,
you
start
Turkey bowling. Yeah.
Yeah.
What?
No, you're called to people.
The
power
in that statement.
No, I'm sure
he didn't
that
I can't imagine
what
I
That is the ultimate example of what goes around comes around.
Well,
The
delicate balance
of
life.
True,
true.
They're
still going to be crappy. Yeah.
I don't
care.
mildly
horrified. But also I'm on California prices, but it's also there's
not
here.
So
I don't imagine
you're like,
I
got
the cool kids.
What's
it gonna be? Yeah,
for
And
But ultimately you prioritize the people who needed it most the Children and it's hard. But you made the right choice, in my opinion, you made the right choice.
Look
at you go,
that's
good.
And the
fact
that they wanted to come back was clearly an indication that you did it the right way to the best of your ability in the circumstances. Yeah.
Well
and yeah,
teach.
But so rewarding and also engaging, which is important for you. Yeah. Well, it was so
lovely to
you. I love getting to hear experiences from that. I just will never experience, or maybe I will one day, who knows? I'm great to meet you. I hope you have a nice rest of your day. Um, and I hope you continue to grow and impact Little middle schoolers live
trip.
A pleasure. Bye.