Okay. Yeah. I'll be too sweetie. It'll be good. It will be good. Okay. Did you and promoted or? Oh but I'm not definitely steps what? Yeah. Okay. No. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. I think this is okay. Right. Like it's not too bad with, mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Don't get for you. Why? Yeah. Mhm. And what? Mhm. Okay. This is not Mhm. Yeah. Me. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. What? Okay. Yeah. Hey first what? Yeah. Right. Yeah. Mhm passport Yeah. Oh yeah. Right. Yeah. Everything. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mhm mm. Of course. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah wow. Mhm. Yeah. Why? Yeah. Mhm. Voice of homework. Wait. Yeah. Okay. Yes. Yeah. Mhm. You know? Okay. Okay. Never mind. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. What? Thank you. Mhm. Problem with that. Uh huh. Come on. Yeah. Yeah. What? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hello?
How are you?
Well thank you. I'm Jason nice to meet you.
It
was
Why?
Uh It's a little cold and rainy. Um I live, yep I live up in Wisconsin so uh
I'm not sure what ours is, I think it's hovering around 39
yep. Born and raised.
yep I have some
family that moved to California and they love it out there.
I think Mariah lives in sacramento and um gosh I'm trying to think napa valley maybe for the other one.
that's okay. You know I I know a little bit about California just because the huge state. No.
that's
No.
Yeah I would say that that would be be very very true. Best
time
to go for
that would be uh probably the once covid is over of course. Um There's a there's a state fair near Milwaukee that has the products pavilion where you can get every kind of everything you've ever imagined because um you know besides cheese there's cranberries, there's um you name it cherries Door County and um you know but it's interesting because the economy between the urbanised Milwaukee area where I live and then the sticks where it's country out, it's just crazy between the difference between just the way of life, the philosophical differences and um but yeah if you're looking for good food I one thing about Wisconsin and because it's cold and there's really good food it's stupid easy to get fat, you know?
Well I I can say that you know good meal is fantastic.
Very awesome. Yeah.
and
we could say you know with um you know and once you get outside of the major areas like you know Milwaukee, Madison Green Bay. Yeah it is you know well go on road trips once in a while and you don't have to go very far before you know like is this still civilization but
but you know walkie is you know it's got the art museum, the Milwaukee public museum, there's so many things to do and um and it's what's crazy is up there was something on Reddit, someone asked what's the best place to or what's a cheap place to live that's really up and coming and I mentioned Milwaukee and a person's like what it's
you know and I'm like no there's parts of it that are however um
you know there there's some really really nice areas too but it's still it's not as fast moving as Chicago, Chicago is considerably more but you know.
Idaho would not be my first place texture.
Uh huh. I don't see it.
Yeah. Well and they don't have any professional sports teams
similar.
The museums are low the lowest class you can possibly get. I mean it's just
maybe
and even then um
well and the thing is with Idaho potatoes, they were originally russet potatoes so they're not even from Iowa so Iowa can't even claim their major crop.
I
mean
and the only reason I know that is when I first started um my first job ever was in a grocery store. So I worked there and you know when you're bored out of your
mind because it's 10 o'clock
at night there's nobody shopping you learn things and you're like wow I didn't know that.
yeah. Well that's third shift grocery store when um there's a show called 10 items or less that was on T. V. S. And
they
had
it was the impromptu show but they had one where they did turkey bowling and my wife was watching it with me and she's like turkey bully. I said that's not how we did it. It's like
wait a second, you've been turkey bowling and like anybody that works third shift has done at least once
with that. Well and you know I think I did it when I was 19 years old because I was born out of my mind. And
so what we did is we bought like
three turkeys right after thanksgiving when there you know insanely
they never school. And then what we did was we set up two liters of soda and then you just roll it
down the island. Now
that's fun.
But pallet Jack
racing that's where it's at. Ah
well with a pallet Jack you pull the big giant pallets and you poet. If you turn it around it's like a giant scooter and you just use your foot and you just fly on those days and you can go. I mean it's yeah it's it dangerously
fast.
Oh yes. Well and
it has to be third shift because then there's no customers and for the most part as long as nothing's broken and the job got done, the boss doesn't care. But
Well
the crazy thing is I worked in Milwaukee so it's a city of 575,000. It not small
but it's just late late at night when there's nobody around. It's
like
I don't
think
it would
be.
Yeah. Well in
southern California
it's Yeah it's. Yeah. Um When I worked for now I've been
out of the grocery business now for about let's see fully gone five years but you know I only did it between my end of high school and to finish my bachelor's and then um
And
then.
Well yeah
well
I'll
tell you
you get so inclined because you know the people you're working with, they're like family because you know a lot
of them they didn't have the same opportunities I did, they didn't go off to school, they didn't so you really you see a lot of humanity in it. Um And you
know there's very few
jobs like my current job is teaching but
um with regards to you know with grocery you're feeding people, you're providing a service to help them. That brings happiness
when a good well cooked meal brings sustenance when they eat. And then also um you know it's just it's kind of a community feel like um you know in the city that I worked and I would bump into the mayor, I'd bump in random people and now in
my current job, you know, I'll have interactions with them and they'll go, weren't
you? That Yeah, I
did work at a great
no, but you know, it's a different world.
My
sister, uh she just quit her job, it cut she
worked for Apple Travel, so uh get a lot of, but she was in marketing and uh and stuff and she would say the same thing to me and what I tell
her
is it's not about the job
you do, it's what you do after work that really makes a difference in the community, because even my job in education, you know, I spent eight hours helping kids, but what I can do outside of work when I'm helping with in the community and doing things, there's a scalable factor that just at work, you get siphoned, it just just does, you know, there's there's bureaucracies and
shape and all of it, and no job is free of it, and education certainly isn't. Um
but, you know, the community, things you do with your family, your friends, you know, the greater community are things that, you know, you can do. And um I've always actually, it's funny as I thought the opposite where I go, I love my job, it's super tough, but I've always wondered what it would be like to work in the business world because um in college I did future business leaders and I was four time state champion, I was a national champion and business principles and I love investing, but I've never done it, but because the idea of being in a cubicle scared the crap out of me take
it was something where I remember because I finished school quick. I I um started college and I finished it in 3.5 years because I took 22 credits a quarter and then just was done. Um, come, but we did an internship where we had to go and I was helping. I think it was Generac or Briggs and Stratton or someone, a bigger company for
one of the Fortune 500. Actually no johnson controls. That's what it was, johnson. And uh, I was looking
at, it was a sea of cubicles and the guy's like, here, let
me take you to my desk and like I'm looking at it going, you live in this like for eight hours, this is your room. And he's like, yeah, isn't it great thank
you. What you don't see windows, what do you do with? And he's like, I'm like, how many people do you interact with? He's like on the phone and like no people like phone is so you know, it's artificial, oh, maybe two all day, eight hours, 10 hours a day to people he would interact with. And that even included lunch, where like just so I was like, yeah, that's that's never going to happen.
Well
I
was,
Well, and I think that's where to circle back to the, you know, the people that worked at the store, the people who were the saddest in their life, we're the ones that couldn't find that purpose. They couldn't find the connection between their hard work in any outcome that they could gravitate towards. You know, and that's, that's something in education that I, you know, I always counsel new teachers on, I say if you got into this because you watch lean on me or then and deliver, you're going to be sorely disappointed if you got into this because you watched like dangerous minds, you're going to be sorely disappointed. Even the worst class in the worst district in the state is never that bad. But what you do every day is not for the highlights of those movies or the low lights of the others. I said it's that kid that got up in the morning that could have stayed in bed that chose to come to school because of your actions and I spent, the thing is, you'll never know. They're never going to tell you, Hey, I came to school because of you, but they're going to show you in other ways The secret to being successful in education is looking for those hints and glimmers of hope that you don't look for when you see them, you know, fostering those. And it's helped our retention rate at our school. We don't, we didn't lose anybody last year.
Well I've done a lot of different positions at our school. I've been a teacher, I've done academic dean, I've been Adina students. I've been a principle. Um, I went back into the classroom because within the four walls of that room, you get to change lives when you're doing the other stuff, you're moving paper or you're, you know, putting out fires. Like people asked me as a principle, what was your favorite thing? I said, leaving leaving
for the day? No, no. Seriously. I said no helping kids and meeting stuff. I said, but you weren't, you would think you're creating visions and policies, but your firefighting, you know, you walk into school and all of a sudden there's a fight, you got to deal with the parents to fight the police. Everything else. It gets you away from what you want to do as a teacher is. You know, as long as it's not in my classroom,
I can, I can, I will help. If I'm close, I'll help and I coach, I coach wrestling and uh, you know, so when I, when I say you need to stop that if there are too many kids in the school that won't,
you know, but at the same time, you know, it's very liberating knowing that I can influence those lives without the extra things coming in and taking me away from my vision. Taking me away from an opportunity.
But you know, it's, it's a good career. My wife's a teacher as well. She does 3rd and 4th grade. So.
Uh huh. I do middle school and a
previously said in high school. Um
Well it is and it really is but I chose it and the reason I chose it is I was getting comfortable at the high school level and that was my that was my Eureka moment where I was like I want to do this until I retire and who knows what retirement will look like. But I'd like to do this the rest of my career, I'm getting bored and for me when I get bored I you know it just it it doesn't work. So
I
I went to
our
super,
yeah
we haven't done that in school. The only thing we did in school when I was also
a young young teacher remind you that this um we did stickball in the hallway during a P. D. Day once. Yes, you just took a tape, made it up into a tape ball. We took meter sticks and we played stickball in the middle of the hallway and it was a lot of fun for about 15, 20 minutes until you know, over the large speaker, we hear attention, attention, Jason, john judy don to the office please. And we're like, oh crap, there's
yeah, well we were, and we were, we were just bold about because I worked at a private school first and then I went into the public school and this is at the private school, we were making like 27 5, so there was nothing like I made as much at the grocery store part time as I was making as a full time teacher that year. So he was like, who cares? And he calls us in and he's like, do you know why we called you down? Were like, yep, we're playing stickball in the hallway. He's like, you didn't even lie to me were like, nope. Well what do you expect to happen? You're going to yell at us. What else? Nothing you pay, nothing. There's nobody that's going to take our spots here. We teach in the toughest school in the district. Come on man, Let
us have
one,
wow. We didn't like it very much.
Now
what's funny is, you know, we had a really coherent staff, we stayed together all five years until, um, eventually the district decided to split school up because it really was, I mean we had kids that had been abused, we had some kids that had committed homicide. We had some, we had some
really tough, really tough cases. Um,
what's
crazy is, so about nine years later, I'm
the principal and one of my staff and I can't remember what they did. They did something stupid. And I had a call man and I'm like, yeah, I know why you did this and believe it or not. I was on the other side of this discussion once while here's what I need you to do. Not that,
Oh yeah. Well, and it's funny
because this goes, well. I thought you were going to yell at us. I'm like, no, I couldn't yell at you because I know exactly why you did it. You were bored. You wanted to have fun. You wanted to create community and you thought you weren't going to get caught. You did, You can't, because if I didn't catch in, the superintendent did all of you would have been fired. So we got to play the game of going to do something stupid. It can't be something to get you fired. Like
that's
you got
mine.
Um, But you know, a lot of those things, especially with, you know, in education stores, if it's about building community and not being dangerous, there's a lot of things you can do the right way. Um
You
know, versus, you know, because if you get staff that's unhappy and toxic, there's no amount of money you can throw at them. There's no amount of amount of amount of money that will keep the good people because the dirty secret in hr the crappy people will stay forever. Like it doesn't matter. Like, hey, I've moved them around nine different places and
they,
they're 20 and they don't move because they're unskilled and they won't. But who are you, who are you lose, you won't lose them, you lose the one that really is fantastic. That makes a difference. And once they're done they're done money doesn't matter. Like I remember working with the teacher where the superintendent had come in and offered her like $25,000 more. And believe me an education, $25,000. This it
might
be a billion. Nobody gets that kind of raise ever. Like it's that's fantastical money. That just doesn't exist in the normal course of education. I mean you know by us you know new teachers make about 45. If you get to the top of the scale you're at about 75. So. Yeah. I
know
But
the rest
of your
75,000 doesn't get you much Milwaukee either.
And you know, so she was making like 68 he offered her so she would make like a you know like 97 $7000. And she turned it down because she was unhappy. Now she was that my school she would've stayed if she was by us. But
it
was
just
well I think the main reason is I can identify with the different stakeholders as a kid. I grew up with two high school dropouts for parents. So I know what it's like to be the kid who doesn't have wants. I know what it's like to be a teacher in the building because you know, I've taught and I know how important it is to make those connections and I know what it's like to be the administrator and you know be in your office and go, okay I've just been told I have a 22% pay cut. That I have to go up 22% budget cut. I have to cut 1/4 of my resources and
three people
because we had it about seven years ago, we lost a referendum and just, you know, the money wasn't there. So when you cut 24% of your budget, you're cutting people and you know, you have to really look at, you know what assets and capital you have and it's a horrible place to be. But you know what I did was I just when I went to the staff before any
decisions were made, I just said everything that doesn't directly relate to kids going to get cut every
single thing. So like you want an extra stapler, it's not happening, you want like, so I cut out just absolute ton there. Um I reduced hours, which with the worst thing is, is in education because you know, it's a union shop, You couldn't reduce it across the board, You couldn't ask everybody to take five. You were going the only people you could do that with were people that were not protected because they weren't part of the union and life. And, and that was, it sucks because you know, you, you know, you're looking at me a making like 16 5 and you're like, yeah, I'm gonna move you down to 30 hours and you're like, this feels evil,
Thank you. And we were able to withstand that budget crunch and then the budget that I built after that, which is still being used by the school, even though
I'm
um the budget is still in the still in the black, so which is good. And we were able to bring people back the next year. We were able
to bring
because
what
we
But
that's the reason why after a couple years of that they're like what do you want to do with yourself? Like I want to teach middle school,
said things that confuse us middle school, you've been in high school your whole career and
but a tweet like we want there like we were thinking you were going to go to central office and no I don't I'm not passionate about that, I don't want that. And uh this is my second year back in the classroom and I'll never go back to that. They can have it. I did a lot more money and you know, I made like 79 1 year and that was without the matching 41 K. And everything else. And um I make about 25,000 less than that now, so
thank
you.
Well
thank you. I appreciate it and it was a pleasure.