Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. All right. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Work. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. The chicks really good mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. What? Thank you. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. I know. Yeah. Mhm mm hmm. Mhm. Okay. I want to get Mhm. Mhm. Mhm mm. Yeah. What? Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. You can get one. Yeah. Yeah mm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm mm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Right. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Wonderful. Yeah. Right mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Hi.
Yeah that's okay. I was thinking like uh nobody will come. I think like that. I was thinking and I was sweating. Word
Yeah. I'm the cook is that we're only time. Right.
Yeah. I had six.
So in the Central time zone as well mm.
I'm in bloomington. Really nice. Okay.
Yeah, it's okay. Pretty much. come here and everything started, People started getting regular work and shops and are and they met an egg safety I think. So we
are going out much because
I
have two small kids and it's kind of risk to go right with them. They don't listen, if we say don't touch, don't they just pulled rubbery. Sure.
Yeah. They're like one is 5 and one is 2. Mm.
What?
it's
kind of
now.
It's kind of this uh,
Yeah, they can like, uh, they understand you maintain a safe distance. They know that right? Like this. So you take them like to a shop or like to play with friends. That's what I think. Right? You can send that. Are
they
going living
green?
Mr
So it's kind of like, uh, now, almost three years. Mm
India
some like we're like on and off going, coming, going, coming as Bizimana were on the status. So So we see when we say that in us means it's more than 10 years like that we got like coming and going. Mhm.
Yeah. It's kind
of like uh it's not very like very urban type and not very like uh like uh the rural, it's kind of good. I feel like uh so calm and peaceful place to live.
They would like more urban. It is, it's a good place to stay. But if for cities then it's kind of like uh okay listen, you might order actually. Mm
Then how like uh going with like uh the corrida adjustments with you? Like the life is okay, Philip.
It's too like my daughter. Oh school is not there. We could be fun like that. Yeah.
What?
I'm it's kind of sparking here as well but in Chicago like there in that area but it's always kind of risk because now everything was, everything is open here like shops, restaurants, everything so it's kind of started spiking here as well like it
was
pretty
like maybe I think mass restrictions, it must, you need to wear a mask when you go. And as friends they offer like outside sitting outside and dining, they are not letting people in sit inside the restaurant. So but they can obviously also up for sitting outside and talk with friends, eat with maintaining a distance. But I feel that it's kind of still it's risky. It's my opinion. But like they can't survive, right? Let's friends if they close for too long it's kind of uh they might need to close like. Yeah.
Or like they will they will form face a lot of economic problems. I think they are closed for too long. So if they want they just opened what we can say right? The government allowed here. So they're open now.
But
I know they can do that take out things like earlier. Um Like you cannot sit inside earlier. But now it's kind of open I think how bad situation there like they open like.
kind
of
it's kind of right when we think like that staying inside this kind of really frustrating sometimes and since like uh if I don't have kids, I would also find out now going outside and uh enjoying myself but with kids like we need to think of them like that's why we are just controlling ourselves. And like we used to go for pick up from walmart. We don't go inside. But just we try to pick up things like grass trees and not. And when I was waiting outside, I just saw a lot of people they're going, they're going like for a regular shopping inside. I was just kind of Oh, it's already started like people started coming out of their fear and they started going and then I had that I told my husband he looked. A lot of people are going now it's kind of uh now it's going to spike again. Like I was mm hmm.
And like they gave first earlier before this month they gave us option the dangerous option for like school that they will do it remotely. And I was all the time. I was thinking, oh my the schools, we need to send our kids in person like that. So and this month they gave us option for remote learning that and of it relax. So what about their schools and they gave that option there?
pretty
Yeah.
Okay that's good.
Uh huh. What
is? Uh huh.
Oh yeah same here like my daughter she wakes up with like uh oh youtube give me that. Give me this. So
I tried to stop her like I take the cell phone from her okay she goes and sit on the T. V. Then I take the remote trauma then she takes something, she goes to her dad and takes his phone. So she she's just making around all over the house and
so like she's trying to escape from eyes like hiding him and then and watching like that I mean teacher like sometimes here home Tuesday night I'm trying to do her like that but somewhere where we cannot stop more like I'll just let her watch one not two hours like I'll just leave it. We force much then she gets like what? She'll also get stressed because of that right? Ah And then evening we go out for a walking like
them we alone like not going along with other family or to meet them just we go out and just make them write cycle or something playful
and then bring them back. So somewhere we're managing otherwise kind of uh and the daytime it's kind of like my husband is working from home and my small one is like okay, open the door, open the door daddy, I need to come in now like that he won't let him like so he will just say okay I'm going to have a meeting now. Just kind of keep him now like that. The that he won't shout in the video okay. Kind
of like running here and the daytime I'll be full occupied. So when they gave me the time option, so I thought of putting early from six to like before the work time starts and then after the work time is over, I opted for that and I expected that nobody will come in 6:00 like this. Yeah,
that's freaking no, no everyone we get it up
like we won't be able to like they'll be running here and there and we won't be able to talk and Uh
huh.
No, they're sleeping on my they took like that's it. Uh
my
or
30
minutes early morning. 4:30.
Why?
Oh my husband who works in um I. D. Uh
Yeah. So so he like um so he's offered from home has got right from home options. That's really you're lucky. But we're so like always in a situation like now it's kind of uh the laying offs and all going on here and there. So we're also like uh every time we can expect anything so we are just as long as they say well okay but like uh like okay when this vaccine we come every day we discussed like that. Okay so do you believe like vaccination or like uh some some people they don't do vaccination so they don't believe in vaccination and they don't make their kids to vaccinate their kids actually. But I'm strong believer like I believe that it is very necessary for kids to get vaccinated.
that's
smart
about it
I
so it was then all over like it's it was there in texas actually. So I thought it was like spreading from school to school, like some kids they were not vaccinated. So the those kids were getting in schools and uh they like they closed the school for a while, but I got the place from which place? I don't remember like. So is it from texas?
Oh no, it's in me actually, it was in us actually.
it
was in us and uh then only I thought like, oh but a lot of people here, like some people are they're scared of vaccination because of this. Uh they believe that they might get autism, the kid might get developed autism. And one of our friends, his son, his son got autism like after the year. And then um then he he strongly believes that it was caused because of vaccination.
But I don't believe like that because I think that they might have failed to notice the symptoms before our ear and it might have because of that. It's not because of the vaccination. I feel like that. But when we start and when we face so much like the the problem like autism is like kind of devastation, Parents get devastated because of that. So we can't force them. Okay. No, we have to do it. We cannot close them like that. So
it's kind of the parents can because they first prefer the safety of the kids, right? So, but we cannot do anything in
death.
Yeah. I even talked with the person earlier. They don't believe in wearing a mask actually.
so maybe like, but she was telling that uh she's not wearing because of medical condition but you don't wear it when she go out for the grassley shopping as well. That kind
of mature.
No we don't have here I think. But some some stores they stop them uh something like that. But I don't know really. I never heard any news like that topic like of being mhm. Something
and so yeah it's
good
now everything opened up.
getting find.
How
many people are struggling financially hand if they put $2,000 fine, how can they pay that?
that's another what?
Well
their own reason right? Like they might feel suffocate when when when they wear a mask like it's closing your nose and uh they might have they might get so some people might face their own difficulty. Okay But
so we can't really just like blame them. Okay but they want to go out and the crowd if they are like having the problem. Thank you. Mm
Yeah, last summer we were we really enjoyed like we went to Niagara Randolph so I was hoping at this time we will go to some other place like uh but this time everything ruined. Not even able to go out of the house.
Thank
you.
we got out.
Um all my family members.
Oh no. Uh you mean like uh we stay here like all my husband and kids here, we our really like my mother's sisters everywhere. Everyone there outside us actually.
And then yeah my husband's family as well, they're outside us but we do have our cousins like first cousins, they're all scattered here and there in us. Like 1 1 some cousins there in Ohio and some are in New York. So so we we can we can we talk, we chat and uh some long weekends we do travel and read them actually.
Yeah, so one thanksgiving before cousins, we met on one thanksgiving day maybe last year before last year like that. So like it's occasional but we do like that.
Oh no, actually we
are a total vegetarian family
but it's kind of tough to explain to my daughter, like she always asked me why we don't eat meat, why why you don't need that so many things?
Yeah. Yeah but like we were born a vegetarian, so we're bringing our kids as well a vegetarian but I don't know what they prefer when they grow up, but I really, I want to accept them like what they feel like if they want to have a non, which I don't know whether I can stop them or not but see how about like, uh, you do that Turkey for thanksgiving, right?
Well
hurt.
So your kids, whatever your kids, they like the american way are like,
Mm. So your family members, they're all here like in texas like
So they visit here like maybe my pay him, like I bought my parents once here and my in laws. They came once here six months day.
Then they went back. So they came, they come occasionally here.
It's
like
it's like if my parents come like, okay, okay mom, okay, take care of your grandchildren for a few months like that. So
please this, my kids were asking a like grandma and grandpa coming like that they were asking me as of this corona, they're not coming now there
uh once this is over, you need to come like that. They text the message so they just make a voice call and then send them like that. So they were there laughing what what they were telling like that something you want you guys to come here. But like now it's kind of risk to come to travel this long. So we have been kind of um I think it's kind of 25 minutes ago, but I think I hope I didn't blow you much, I think.
It is nice talking with you. I
think
I think so,
shall we can live for two more minutes And then cut A last time I talked with one person and he was like, Okay, now it's exactly 25 minutes now. It's if we got we might get rejected. Okay. Talk with over remix. Yes. So
who
was
Uh like last year I did one time and now this year I'm doing I did it like um talking with you the third time I think that my 3rd 1. So like if it has countered if I don't know for last year, if it counted like its fourth time I think then I don't know whether it helped me for the next time or not. The last person I talked, he was like he heard trump like anything. He was schooling him. Yeah, exactly.
I enjoyed
his talk and he was a computer geek and uh he was playing very much video games and uh oh I was like I don't play much video games and I was not into that. And I was like okay, what to talk with him like that.
You can't when he like after that he he just okay, let us talk about this, okay, talking about this. And he bought a lot of topics. And uh he started, but
then when we talked about trouble, he got so much angry and he was he started cursing him. What? So I got a lot of experience. Like I friend kind of people and I really enjoyed talking with them. Actually,
I
don't know
whether they enjoined me or not, but I really was injured.
okay.
Yeah. Have a good day