Hello.
Sorry I'm good late apologize.
so
Yes It's 6:00 AM for me. What time is it for you?
Thanks as well. Okay.
I'm in texas. Where and where are you located?
yeah. How are things in bloomington? Right
it's okay.
your
first
old are your Children?
Yes fun age
but it's difficult to
explain
so
much.
I have had 22 Children nine and 7. Mhm. Yes it's a little bit older. They understand. Don't touch
I
take
I
take them not not to not to shop but I'll take them to a track and they can play outside and ride their bikes character size but from
very far away. Yeah keeping their distance. So how long have you lived in bloomington?
Where were you before?
Oh it's part.
And do you like bloomington? Which was very different from
India?
Good.
Fun. What?
it's okay it's okay I'm very lucky. Um My Children are very uh convenient Children for something like this. They like to stay home. Yeah.
so they don't like I don't like leaving the house um so that makes it a lot easier um and I can just give him a book and they're like okay I'll be here for the next hour and they don't do it if they could just read a book. So that's that's what's nice because the
covid cases are you know spiking in texas so it's like uh
is
everything
fully open or are there any restrictions?
permanently.
okay that's
crazy.
Yeah we opened really early, it was in april we started opening things up again and of course here we are. And then I think in May keep We opened a restaurant for inside dining up to 75% capacity. And then uh parks opened. So at that point texas was I think six weeks where we had shelter in place so don't go out and then people were losing their minds so they went out and gathered and then everything just started going, where's the spike is? Like,
what did
you think what could have happened?
Yeah.
Yes. So they the school district also pushed the start date box to we usually open in august um For school they pushed it back to september two and then the first four weeks will be virtual, we will do remote
and and then in october they reassess. Um
but at all the schools here gave us the option to if you want to you can do full remote for the semester and I think I think that's what we're going to do.
So yes so
yeah so
kids are in staring at a computer screen all day now which is
groups.
wow. Every device.
Oh thank you.
No fun.
Yeah.
Sorry.
I went I wake up early I usually wake up at five and then just to get my day started I was like you know saying I wanted to do this while my Children were asleep. All right
Yeah. Are
your Children sleep where they awake now?
have a coworker where their Children wake up routinely at 4:30 PM. Yeah And then they go they get out of the room and go into the parents bed and scream
at them
up like
at 4:30
right? Yes 4 30 in the morning
almost every day was like I don't know how you're functioning and she shows up to work and we're like okay why are you here? But what can take a nap it's fine it's fine. Uh What does your husband do for a living?
that is that why you guys are in bloomington for his? Okay.
Absolutely. Absolutely. I think was it last year we saw I think a smallpox came back I forgot which one it was like something that we destroyed for like 100 years and then and
then
because
it
wasn't so I think I think something like that and then because people were vaccinating like something came back like why?
I don't remember where it was. I don't think it was texas but it was it might have been a small community in France,
it was in the U. S. Okay I can't remember I don't I don't even know what day today
is.
I'm sure.
Right. He's
agreed
agreed. So crazy.
Oh of course it's about the same the same people.
Is there
is there? I don't see for that in bloomington.
Yeah
we
have
Just think our city did $2,000 fine if you're caught without a month but it's not it's just for show I don't I have not heard anyone or seen anyone
anywhere getting fined. We'll see, we'll see about
that.
Yes I think that was the hopes that how could you pay that you can't so put on a mask but
Yeah we appreciate
the stores.
and
yeah Yikes so much excess.
No,
this was
the fastest and longer summer. I cannot believe it's august and I'm like, but nothing happened this summer. We just stayed home this whole time.
Every day was the same. Yeah. Mm So your family likes to travel?
Yeah. Like your husband and your Children back to travel.
I see. Gotcha.
Okay. That's fun.
Okay, now I'm curious, do you do the turkey?
It's
if the american got there.
that makes sense.
No there. Well, because I'm from Hong kong. Um and I don't, so I like different India is curious. Um Oh I wonder if you've tried because americans kind of talk about
the turkey like it's so wonderful, delicious. And I had, I was like, the study is dry,
it tastes like nothing. Why are we doing this? Why why are we putting so much effort? So if we're like, no, we're not doing this anymore, This is so much work, we don't like it. Why are we doing this? Let's just eat the food we like. Um
they like both. Um So my my wife is uh white american, so we're bringing them up in a kind of a biracial family upbringing. So we're trying to bring in different cultural values and aspects together and kind of blending them together. So bit of both. What's funny is that they both, my kids both really like asian food more than because I thought, okay, I should serve them chicken nuggets, mac and cheese french fries, which they like, but they always want, can we have ramen sushi? I was like, okay, sure, sure sweetheart.
Uh My parents are in Hong kong uh and my sister is in texas and then like you, I have, she's my sister's in Dallas, I'm in austin and then and then like you I have I have cousins across the coast like in California and new york, like I get it.
True.
Yes my parents come occasionally, not not for that long. Um So they
come
for about a week at a time.
yes, that's so cold. Yeah. Yeah.
not for a while.
no of course not enjoyed enjoyed our conversation, listening and hearing a bit about your story and
next
media
very close I think. Yeah.
God
have
you done this? Okay, whatever you did you talk to someone, how many times have you done this? How many times have you done this?
Uh huh.
two.
Oh my goodness.
europe. True. Oh dear.
good good,
good
good.
But you had a good time. There you go enjoy yourself. Yeah
well it's lovely chatting with you this morning. Okay, have a lovely weekend.
Okay bye bye.