here. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Oh what are
you doing?
mm
Oh yeah mm
All
right welcome back.
Yeah well everybody scramble a little bit trying to figure out where to where to set up for work or for other things these days aren't they?
we
met right.
that's
the
word.
No no worries at all. And I understand the technical hectic times these days so
This is my 3rd 1. So how about you?
I'm Ryan I'm in michigan. Yeah
I know
we're right on right on the edge of east East Coast time zone. So yeah.
the line is my
weird, yeah the line is here in Illinois uh is central and indiana
kind of is weird. Indiana just chooses not do not do daylight savings so half the year there with us and half year there um Central.
Yeah but we we always stay with the eastern here in michigan.
Mhm.
being as far east as you guys are so it's not quite as bad for us because we're so so far west in the in the Eastern time zone. But I remember going to Las Vegas and they're on west their west coast time but they're saying review there right on the east side of it and it was getting dark at like 3 30 in the afternoon. You can't live that way.
Is
it
That,
great.
I
think that would be more about getting out of work and having it be dark already is just depressing so.
So
there
you
go.
Yeah I'm married I got a couple of teenage daughters. So how about
you?
how
old are here?
I've got a 16 year old and a 13 year old
year old dr England.
How many hours
did you?
At night?
There
were similar.
It's
hard to my my 16 year old my oldest so it's sort of very similar, I'm sure to to yours being your only child, It's tough to kind of push him a little bit. You want to push them but you've got to be gentle because you don't want to freak them out. Two months are my daughter was probably about two months past her 16th
before she actually got enough hours to go in and get get her thing. Her motivator was that school was coming up and she wanted to be able to drive to school. So Uh we're about it gets good but you know that 50 hours thing, I don't we didn't have to do that when I was her age and, and that's all a lot of hours.
It's hard on the
defender.
I'm 46 years exactly. Time. So yeah. We have an app that kept track of, I had to keep track of and then I had to actually show them show the state the app that that showed that she had documented the number of hours And then you could, you could cheat it. You could go in and put hours. I didn't actually want her to get to 50 hours and that's a lot of hours.
Yeah. Baby. I mean 45 50 46 quote, but it still takes a long time with a lot of house.
But.
Did you live rural or did you live in a city because I lived out in the country. So for me it was a huge, I never saw my friends in last to drive so to me I was absolutely not something that to me to get my life.
Everything.
Yeah.
Come
on.
No.
Well,
but it is nice for freedom. So I mean my my daughter loves the fact that she can hang after school for just 20 minutes and talk with your friends and blow off some steam before she comes home. You know,
let's get really get on that. Uh huh.
They're
absolutely
Well
it's been in person, we started the year with them going like every other day to have 50% capacity. Um And then they somewhere around the end of september, they went ahead and let everybody full scale school, they have to wear masks and everything of course. Um And now michigan is just blowing up right now. We're at like Something like 20 times what we were when we decided we had to cancel pool at the end of last year.
Well
they did this week and went back to the 50 um like only half the kids going monday, half the other half go Tuesday and alternating thing and then the governor yesterday, shut up, shut us down at high school. So my middle schooler strangely still has to go every other day. How about how about you guys?
you're going to?
California?
And
you know.
Yeah.
Thank you.
I want
to
often.
That stinks. I don't know how it works out there. The same thing happened to my daughter when they were doing the split thing at the beginning of the year. They did it by alphabet, A through M. Or whatever A through L. And all of her friends had early last names and she had a later last. So yeah, it's frustrating,
but
that's there,
that's why I stick out for my daughter. But how did you how did you feel now that she's going back? Did it change her spirit at all? Because I as much as I was horrified at sending my kids back out feeling in the middle of this um mentally, I felt like they both needed it because it's just taxing staying home and just feeling like, you know, the world's collapsing on them and I feel like they're a lot mentally, a lot healthier even if they're at risk going to school, so I'm torn. I don't know if I'm happy or sad.
huh.
Everything
Thank
you.
Not
good.
It's tough
to know
what
they want to do is because, you know, I mean absolutely,
there's your risks of kids in school spreading stuff. But uh I do I don't know, I like I said, I just I feel like it's been better for her for both of them actually to be back. So this crossing my fingers that they don't bring it all. Yeah. Come on
Yeah.
I'm sure
the way you're talking as long as you probably know some people who had it, I know I have most several people who had it and it it hasn't been that bad for them, it's just you know, I'm still I'm still not thrilled with the prospect of getting it because it doesn't seem to be they definitely know what the you know Things that are making high risk are, but there still seems to be random like, you know, 20 year old athletes that all of a sudden like they build their I'm still trying to avoid it, but I get what you're saying, it doesn't, it seems like for most people it's not that bad. And I also feel like there was several people that I worked with, one of them like to Europe and got really sick in February. And when she came back there were two other guys that worked for her that were sick for like seven or 8 days. But they weren't, you know, they didn't get checked for it or anything, but I'm quite confident that's probably what they had because it was really, they were just like just drained and tired and you know, home for a few days. And then since then I've got people who actually have confirmed cases, it was very similar. Just we're just really lethargic for like a week. This Oh yeah, I get it.
President.
All
lot.
But
Are
immigrants.
Yeah. To me
through the blocks of text
to
be the biggest
box
is checked.
That's
scary.
I
mean
particularly
understanding
it
understanding his condition I'm sure it was very scary for him just because you know when everything you read in the paper diabetic in that age it was pretty high risk. So good. I'm glad to hear He was good though. Yeah.
Happy.
What?
What?
After.
That's
great. Yeah. So did
he
have
any
of the brain fog stuff? Do
you
have
any of the brain fall like did he have anything for that? Because I've heard that's another thing that kind of lingers with people.
Don't get anything.
Mhm,
What?
Crime.
His age
and
thanks
for.
Wall
Street.
Fall
off.
Yeah. But it's tough. You're absolutely right. You gotta worry about sometimes older older guys get get that tough guy mentality and they don't want to get in there and they need help.
Thanks.
Connection.
My parents have been
pretty
pretty
office, but I feel pretty good about that the way they've been treating that they've been they've been keeping themselves uh you know, pretty well protected and then trying to not go out too much. It's been hard for him because, you know, they missed seeing the grandkids and I miss them seeing them.
You know, the kids
back to school. I just I feel like I don't want me or my kids and I'm back at work, I don't want either of us. Could be the reason they get sick or we haven't for much of tough. Right, sorry. Here you do you work outside the home or? No.
No,
more.
That's fine. My God, my wife.
No, I won't take now is the time either. My would be to make you make you make you ready. My wife uh stayed home with our kids, and then she had not returned to work either, and then that's fine because that's you know, there's no big, it's not a problem at all. So
natural,
definitely,
I agree is not the time to go find a job. Why would why would you try to find a job because they're hard to find? And b why would you want to eat a
bit?
No.
No,
I
work for a fairly large company actually. Think so with everybody. Right.
Not
fun,
but.
Yeah. This has been probably the strangest, strangest years I've ever lived through for Sheriffs.
Hopefully we'll see some some positivity on the on the horizon. Our site.
Seeing a lot of hearing a lot of great things about things about vaccines now. So hopefully I'm hoping that this time next year we're back to normal, but I think it might not be much sooner than this time next year.
All
Maybe.
Maybe towards the end of next time. But we'll see. Yeah.
No,
I think I think we're a little past here,