I
just I just realized I need to go get my earbuds, so hang on one second. Okay.
Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm.
All right. Mhm. Yeah. Oh okay.
So
yeah, normally I've done this before and just in general when I'm webcam, I'm better prepared than this. But I had to move I had to move from where I normally keep my computer to do this because of the hour of night, my daughter, my daughter is usually up here and I'm going now, I gotta go up there so I can do this and normally my computer's downstairs, so.
Yeah, she she normally does her she normally has her computer appear because it's quieter and stuff and we call it the computer room and it would have been a bedroom um and I'm downstairs, but that's where the hope of activity is now. And so I was
like,
anyway, and the hour of night it's still, I'm scattered. You know, it's like I've done these in the daytime and I'm more relaxed when I'm here. So anyway I don't want to
waste
our
time. Although we're still talking it doesn't matter what we talk about right minutes.
Yeah. Have you done this before?
Uh It's my fourth one actually. Okay so I guess I'll be nearing my limit here at some point. Um So I guess the usual stuff is always nice to start with. My name is Krista and I'm in Virginia. Okay.
right. Are you an hour behind us? Are you
said?
I can never remember because I know there's you know I mean my geography but at the same time they don't the zone minds
that.
Thanks.
that's right.
That's really um career. Oh yeah.
Yeah I kind of wish some ways that they would Everybody there's a lot to talk about. Well let's stay in one, okay, I can I can see the benefits stay in one time or the other, but most people I hear from are like uh yeah, I'd like to stay in standard time, I'm going no, if we stay in anything, stay a day like every day, because you get, even at the lowest part of the, the first part of the year, you don't get Dark at 4:30 PM, at least where?
yeah, you want to at least mentally have the clock flip. So it makes sense. Okay, it's 4 30 getting dark, so 3 30 yeah,
that
messes with my head and I've lived in Virginia almost my entire life. I was born in Ohio. Um at the same time I just, you know, the older I get, I mean I don't care, I just fine, but I really like the daylight
in the evening. Just just it's a mental thing. It's not even though I want
to go not working
out,
it makes you want to go home, grab something to eat and go to bed And
that's what it's meant to do that.
You
know,
darkness is meant to tell you to go to sleep, but not at 5:00. No. So anyway, are you married kids any of that stuff?
No,
I'm married and have one teenage daughter, so she's
16.
16.
Yeah, it's fun.
She hasn't gotten her license yet in Virginia. You have to be 16 plus three months. I know it varies a little bit from state to state. Um And she will be that age next week, but because of, partly because of Covid and partly because she sort of started chickening out on practicing, she won't be ready because she hasn't finished her hours. But even if she had we would have had a delay in some of that. So
she's not
really chomping at the bit but They have to have 45 driving hours and I think they say something like five need to be definitely five
have to be at nighttime and
then hopefully
if you can drive it yeah if you if you can get them to drive like in the rain, not not the snow because nobody nobody uh well I'm gonna say nobody has to learn well yes everybody has to learn to drive in the snow especially here since you mean michigan you're more used to it here. You know we get snow but sometimes we act like crazy people when we see one flake. So we probably should have a special snow driving force here just special for snow. But since you can't predict the big snow. So yeah she hasn't quite she had a bit of back slide when her confidence took a hit when she is kind of like my husband fussed at her and I'm usually the fossil and he bust out or something she did when they were driving and she kind of looks like I don't want to drive anymore started so she didn't want to
practice.
And
No.
you
gotta you have to keep track at least. I mean you're supposed to keep track I'm sure it's not exact but you have to sort of keep track. Yeah I know I know I didn't I'm 47 so I don't know you are but you're not you're not ancient and you're not you know tiny 20 something. So you're obviously in the race so.
Yeah. Do you guys have
Yeah. I mean I guess I understand considering all the distractions even before there was more distractions. You know, people do drive
faster because we're allowed to. In other words when we were kids, 55 was interstate most of the time some states might have had higher than that, but they didn't come till later on where it was 70 and 80. So I guess that's why and then the distractions. But but yeah, we didn't have that either. But and I was I was sort of chomping at the bit to get my license but not like a status symbol for me. It was like okay but it's more convenient. And my mom was like yes please hurry up getting your license because then you can.
well yeah you had to. I didn't think about that. That's that's a good motivator also too, and a good
punisher if you got the keys taken away you're like uh
um not city, I mean I'm I grew up in Richmond but not and within the city limits but not really a city atmosphere as is common suburb uh but close close enough to anybody and all my friends, but I went to school in high school when school across town. Um even though they didn't have a bus, but they went to school across town because it was kind of like the governor's school type concepts that they do nowadays with that. And but at some point I was like I wanna I wanna drive myself because I don't wanna get on the bus at 6 20 in the morning, it was across town and that was a motivator, but it was the exact opposite. And my mom was like,
look,
if you want to do stuff after school, if you need to do this and that I know I worked there your school and I know this, you need to drive to school in those days and I was terrified. I was like I don't want to drive, I understand you cross the bridge and everything
and all my friends were like, your mom is making you drive to school, my mom won't let me. Mm So I
was doing
perhaps,
now they need that
everybody needs
a degree of independence and testing and freedom out. But you know, kids these days have so many other things that just crazy stuff that you know, you know make him feel like a grown up at certain parts of their day, you know, let them taste their life. And um so you mentioned, like you mentioned school, what's the school situations there with, you know, in person,
anything?
Oh gosh. Yeah, I've definitely been hearing that from different states,
some.
Yeah it's uh we
have we've definitely been, as a bunch of states been seeing an increase in stuff, but there hasn't been of the schools that opened completely uh as much normal as possible, that they could allow the ones that did. The school districts that did uh at least near me are doing okay, I mean there's definitely been some some things that it hasn't been like oh bad group
Um but they're starting to make some changes. My daughter's school, we live in one county, she actually we pay they have we pay for her to go to school in a neighboring county, a little bit of a drive only because they already had that set up 30
years
ago, it's like a little tuition-based program, so it's much cheaper than any sort of private school. But the district we live in this side of town. The school she would have to go to are known to be very bad and we sucked it up until high school and I was in high school, you need to have just a normal experience, just a regular or whatever. And so, but here it's a mix in Virginia about going in person. Not many went back to full time at all. A
few that went to five days and her particular school district and when she does go to, just started back with, they filtered it in elementary, start at the beginning of october two days a week. Again, the 50% kind of like you said, monday, thursday and then Tuesday friday groups and when it was okay and then they filtered after a few weeks, they said all right now middle and high schoolers let's come because so if they wanted to kind of test the waters kind of, which I think is a smart way to do it if you can do it without all at once. Unless, I mean all at once
Like you don't take forever say okay kindergartners and first graders this month and the next month we'll do 2nd and 3rd and a month later will be 4th and 5th. I mean if they were going to do that. So, um, so she didn't go start going back until 2 to 3 weeks ago, but so she's got two days a week, half capacity, Half of her friends, most of her friends as it worked out most of her pre existing friends that either live in
that
same town, which
is about 35 miles away or who she became friends with. That also come from other places. Most of her core group ended up being on the other opposite days of which he's going. So she doesn't even have like her usual, hey, okay, you're doing let's talk at lunch. Even if we're, you know, over there with the barrier.
It makes
me wonder, I wonder how they did that. I might have to actually ask, ask her now. Not not her, but like asked what those friends last names were. Just see if that's how they did it. They
kind of
Well yeah,
I can see that because you know that's kind of what other people I guess battle or
just the two camps if you were gonna separate into two camps only. And it's not fair to do that, but people were like, how dare you send your kids back, they're gonna die. You know that kind of thing? I'm like well slow down down. But then people were like so big deal. Um So the mental part is very valid, especially with teenagers and it's not just because they want to socialize or hey, I miss my friends. It's just it would it would mess with my head. Um She is she's um I was afraid that she would like not worse, but like more like mom. It's not like
school.
I mean it's so I was afraid she'd like it sucks because it's just so weird and it's not the same. But I'm like, well it's something and she hasn't been like that. So for her that's a positive in other words, it's not it's not necessarily better for her. It is, but she's not saying it, but I think it is better but it's not worse and I thought it was afraid she'd be like, gosh, can I just can you just switch me and keep me at home the whole time and just forget this mess. But um so
it's good,
it's good and it is, yeah, um
and
the
whole,
it's just
yeah, I'm not I'm kind of uh I guess if I had to lean towards, you know, on a scale of things of my concerns, I'm concerned questions that concern, because that makes it sound like, oh I'm not concerned at that, unfortunately, people think, oh, so you really don't think it's a big deal? No, it just means personal for my own family and slightly extended family, my own fear for that doesn't come from, for us is not very high at all fear. I'm aware, I'm not like I'm aware I'm cautious and careful, but I'm not like, oh gosh, please don't, you know, blow them up. But, but I'm also not um um sets it up on the middle of the road. If I had to lean towards one side of like that, then I would probably say that only because again we don't have a high risk thing and yet I know anybody can get it and it's very possible that before all is really said and done in terms of things calmed down to what would consider like a normal, a normal winter, you know, if it becomes like the flu and it's just kind of there from what I understand things to be and what it could be. And a lot of people said before, they knew that it was here in March, was here in december, they said, you know what I have already had because there was some really weird stuff that some people were saying that they had backed by christmas, we may all get it and we may or not, we may not know, we get it like the Children, they may not, they may think they had a cold and because they get tested because they need to keep on top of if it's that it could find out that they haven't, they just didn't think it with anything else um
other
than
if I had that, that that was my main symptom, I probably wouldn't know I had because I tired all the time, I mean you know, I mean seriously, I would probably notice, okay this is a bone tired of, this is a sick kind of tired but but yeah that's I've known a handful, I've really only known one person that I know personally. A few people I know I guess I know that, but it's more like, oh, a friend's father had it or something. So like I know them, but I don't know the father, but my
father in law actually did have it so that it hit close to home. He had it um, Early October was done up with it. He's been
done with it since middle of October. And so him being older, he was 78 is that was 78. He
could have been a big deal because he's 78
and diabetic. But it's kind of kept in check and he was nowhere near even he was nowhere near hospitalization or anything. He never had
shortness of breath.
He was worried he would get it. And we kept trying to assure him that in general as time went on that even though you may have these lingering or these perpetual symptoms that when it came to the long involvement, it was never early on that it was like immediate hospitalization, these people who kept it going that the longer he went with that where nothing was worth, he was probably going to be okay and he was like he just wore on him mental because he was like, gosh why? Because in his case he was his fever
off
fever and cough
mainly
and
the taste
of what? 2 1⁄2 weeks? Yeah, that's my gosh. He was like 2.5 weeks and he was like I'm worried and I'm like it's okay if you check in with the doctor or even the hospital and stuff. And so he finally did go to the hospital. Not like I guess it was er but they already said if you call it we have a place for you for me to check you out to make sure you're okay. And I think peace of mind helped. They did his pulse ox all that everything and there was like you're good and there's nothing we would do for you anyway. But she he
just
was just so over it's more like an annoying but yeah I don't want to do. Yeah it's scary because he
didn't
know what else is
around the corner
if this
fever has been contained.
Yeah that's why I was like okay another chocolate that we went up to the elderly population and and high risk
and he did okay. Not just not pass away the hospital, not even close to hospital, mental hospital maybe. He joked. He joked at one point he was like, I just want to feel
better. I just want to not have I mean the fever disappeared but it came back. You know, That was one of the things that we said, hey, sorry, you don't don't get too happy
because you know. But then when his taste buds started to come back, that's when I knew he was rallying back because nobody I've ever heard personally or the stories when they taste buds, if they lost them at all, when they came back, they stayed back, they didn't refer like some of the other symptoms, you might go kind of backwards once it came back and I said, I think that's a sign. And yeah, like a day or so after started to taste again. He even said, guess what I did after the doctors, health department had cleared him. They called him and they said, your case is closed, You're fine. He wasn't retested, but he
was 15, 16 days past past the initial. And he says here's what he said. I went to a drove to Mcdonald's and gonna be a big mac and fries and boy did it taste good? And we started laughing saying yeah you're feeling better because he can taste it. The
Mcdonald
not
the
best
stuff.
What
was
that?
I've actually heard that to know he um he said that his only symptoms
during for the cough but no shortness of breath. Not in any real sense. The cough, the fever which one went away? It would come back just that night after we've gone during the day there. Okay good. Um
And Brooke those were the two main things and the taste. But because he
the taste buds because he didn't have, yeah he actually had pretty relatively
easy time of that. Um He said you know he felt tired or but even he said the fatigue for him wasn't like oh my God I just need to take a nap. Which was surprising because I thought at the very least
that would
have been one
of them. So
thankful he didn't have a Yeah, we've been absolutely to later like once we saw him again because we hadn't seen him since well before he even got sick, so we didn't even get worried when we found out he was sick. Like okay, when did we not see him? It had been a well he was he we saw him a couple weeks after it was fully well and I was like, you know how you doing? You got any, he just, you know, he says no lingering tiredness, no lingering cough, nothing.
And
we were like wow good. I know that's not typical, but yep. And he lives with himself because my mother in law is in a nursing home now too. So
we were
worried that if he did get worse or something, he'd try and be a hero for a while, you know, and try and be like, okay, I'm fine and then what will we know what would happen? He lives across town so he's not that far away.
Mhm. Yeah. And normally you'd have the wife around probably most of the time as the law of averages are and he didn't have her there to keep him in check and knock them. But my husband was very, very diligent always about making sure. Yeah, okay, dad don't be a hero, but at the same time
you're okay. So it's good that my husband is also very, you know, involved with his dad to that point not just like, hey, how you doing? You know, dead And my mom is semi Well, she's not holed up in her house and she's a homebody anyway, so she likes it but she's pretty well protected because she doesn't necessarily go out but so much anyway and she's 79, so same idea. She's
elderly. She doesn't have any risk factors. I mean she's got some some things but not those top three or four that they kept mentioning or the high risks for that nothing in that category. So But
so
she's
good.
I
am.
No, currently I don't I haven't for a while longer. Why longer? A longer of a while than I had planned And really honestly that's nobody's fault but my own, it's not like okay,
I find a job or I couldn't find a job.
I
I feel bad though. I feel like sometimes I just feel like okay some people who don't know me, they probably like boys, She Lazio she's unemployed. Okay. Well you know it's like does she will do I just stay home? I don't stay home by the way. But I mean do I willingly you willingly? Well yes, but then you know I kind of do need to um now may not be the time except for working in a retail setting or something to find to find a job. But
I just always thought
that I
would
Now if it was absolutely necessary
if my husband, you know of course for that matter he would find something but he was he's had some pay cuts because he works
in a small business so they take a hit. But if that comes the past that gets worse than yeah, it was something. But you know the good thing is covid or not, there are so many more opportunities for either online based, online based jobs anyway or jobs that would have been in a different setting that could be done there so and my skills are certainly translatable to online stuff anyway. So I would love to, we'll see how that works
out across
the
that sucks. You know, it's bad whenever, you know across the board when the big even the big ones have to do that man. It's gonna be a weird,
it's
been
a weird year but it's going to be a weird, it's gonna be weird weird rest of the year to not just not just the weirdest it always has been.
I believe it.
I don't know. We I mean I guess you gotta keep thinking that and saying that because at some point that will definitely be true. I mean you know it will it's just we thought we'd be in a different place now. But then again in some some ways if we were realistic we probably knew that we wouldn't be this much on the side of the other side of it as we thought that we would be like with school over the
yeah because I gotta have that come out then people have to take it then they have to kind of wait for it to start doing the stuff that
it does to protect people and then well
come from there.
All right. Well I guess we're probably I always lose track of time and some of these things which is
good.