SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. All the pictures, everyone. Okay. Oh, thank you. Good luck with that. Wonderful. Mhm. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. The Second amendment protections. Yeah. Mhm. What? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. This is about. Mhm. Thank you. Thank you. Hey, how's going?
SPEAKER_R: good. Can you hear me? Okay? Cook at
SPEAKER_L: I'm glad to see someone show up. I try to do this like yesterday and uh no one like never showed up, so I just sat here like an idiot for
SPEAKER_R: peace? Yeah, I
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: was about to say the same thing. I think this would be the third time I did it. So you'd be, you're the first person
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: to shop in the three times. So
SPEAKER_L: All right. Is that where you're from?
SPEAKER_R: uh, I'm from florida. What about yourself?
SPEAKER_L: North Carolina? Yeah. So do you find us on prolific I guess?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, prolific. And uh and so I was like, you know, just talk with a stranger, how bad could it be?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean, you know, but I guess what is it like $17 or something like that for 20? It's just talk to somebody that's a pretty good deal. Uh
SPEAKER_R: So how's the weather in north Carolina circling down up there?
SPEAKER_L: Um it's actually been warmer than normal, was like 80 uh today, which is kind of which is a little higher than normal, but october here is one of those months. Or it can be 40 or 50, or it can be kind of 70 or 80. Uh just depends, but I mean the leaves are changing and all that, so it kind of feels kind of feels like fall I guess. All
SPEAKER_R: I missed that. I'm from California originally and you know, I like, I like living in florida, but California had the seasons and so I kind of missed those seasons and uh
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: my wife does, so she's from Kentucky and she will say that's nice time, you don't to shovel snow anymore. But man, we missed the fall season.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You don't mind me asking what part of florida
SPEAKER_R: I live in the southwest floors of Naples
SPEAKER_L: Naples? Okay. I've been to Miami
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: uh before, so how did you, how did you end up down there?
SPEAKER_R: well I end up here for school and I end up staying because my wife and I met at school and we just decided we liked the area, but it's not too bad. We like I said, we don't get seasons, but man, I don't miss shoveling the snow. Like we went back home two years ago and I lost, I lost my tolerance for the cold completely yesterday humanity.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. What, what were you studying?
SPEAKER_R: So I I have a degree in political science and history.
SPEAKER_L: I want to
SPEAKER_R: Have you really?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I don't I don't really use it anymore. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, me
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: neither.
SPEAKER_L: enjoyed it. Uh I feel like I've chose like the right thing and so forth, but yeah, that's cool to meet somebody else who does that. I feel pretty lucky I've done uh four or five of these over like the last, I guess it's like the beginning of summer and every person I've talked to has been pretty cool. Like there hasn't been anyone that's been like all quartered like the conversation or anything like that.
SPEAKER_R: You know, sending off like serial killer vibes or something like that. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Exactly.
SPEAKER_R: We had, it was about, I don't know because I do these on and off. I had like a free day off from work and it was about a month or two ago and we did one. They said, okay, you're gonna, we're going to tell you about that. We're going to talk about when you log in. I'm like, all right, you know, it's gonna be too bad, And they're like, okay, you're going to talk about, you know, racial tensions. I'm like, are you serious? Like this is I mean, what if people are getting angry? Really cool and had actually it was a really
SPEAKER_L: Both.
SPEAKER_R: great conversation. I'm really surprised.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean of all the topics to, I'm really agree. Where do you work? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So I work at a local school around here, and so I teach, I teach at the school and then I teach online as well. So um give me time to do things like this because I teach were joking
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: about
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: not having our degree relevant to our profession. I work in real estate. So
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: I teach, teach real estate classes, but I teach them online, and so I have time to do things like that. But what about you? What do you do?
SPEAKER_L: Uh used to work at Department of Justice, uh now I'm a small business owner, uh
SPEAKER_R: So cool,
SPEAKER_L: do auctions, estate sales, uh that kind of stuff. Um Getting not really something that I planned on uh kind of doing it just kind of happened kind of naturally about five or six years ago because I was I was with Department of Justice but I was importing through a uh like a private company, like they lost their contract and so I came back to north Carolina and needed a job and was having a tough time like and like what I wanted to do so just try this and it's kind of you know gotten better kind of every year that I've done it. Uh uh
SPEAKER_R: That's cool.
SPEAKER_L: Life is just kind of unexpected uh and then not doing it right now but like off and on every few years I have taught like intro to american government at a community college but the area I'm in is kind of rural. Uh So a lot of it's not like that class is an offer like every semester or anything because it's not
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: needed necessarily. Uh So I just kind of do it whenever whenever they have enough students for it
SPEAKER_R: gotcha, contrary to what
SPEAKER_L: so.
SPEAKER_R: I'm talking about? A pivot uh you know career choice? That's really awesome that you don't know you got a chance to do that at school.
SPEAKER_L: and I mean I was living in D. C. Which half of me really liked uh and then half of he was kind of very glad get out of there like living there, it was studio apartment Like $1200 a month. And here you can get a house, Your mortgage famous less than $12 a month.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. D. C. I've been to C. D. C. Numerous times on business and I kind of I love I love the idea of
SPEAKER_L: This
SPEAKER_R: the city
SPEAKER_L: is.
SPEAKER_R: you know as far as like any man we had a lot of fun with our friends outside of business and the people that were working with were great there. But yeah it reminded me it remind me of kind of like a new light you know just it was you know the place we were staying at. It was it was nice but like you said it was you know luckily our company picked it up. It was expensive. Small old too. It was fairly old but we like the city itself, I loved it in the springtime winter.
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: It was
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: it was a little cold, little really?
SPEAKER_L: it's just I mean it's it's you know it's like most big cities, it's very fast paced, everyone is very very career oriented and come here it's just coming back here a little bit slower, kind of pays the life a little bit. I think that kind of fits my personality a little bit better so I'm kind of glad I think I ended up coming back here so.
SPEAKER_R: I'm not much of a big city person, I've worked in Tampa and I've worked in Miami as for an internship
SPEAKER_L: possible.
SPEAKER_R: and I Miami especially just wasn't wasn't for me, it's like you said, I mean Naples is a city ish, you know, it's not a huge city, but it's you know like we if you want like in Naples you can live in what's called the Golden Gate Estates areas and five acres of land if you want, if you really want to get away. Yeah, we don't we don't live out there, but we're, you know, we're in the area
SPEAKER_L: Here.
SPEAKER_R: were in a smaller community away from kind of the main city hubs, so we still, my wife and I still have about a half hour drive or something, 20 min drive. So it's far enough away for us that we don't feel like we're in the middle of the city.
SPEAKER_L: Right right so the real estate market probably keeping you pretty busy right now isn't it?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It was, it's been very surprising. It's been
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: actually, despite her with very
SPEAKER_L: problem
SPEAKER_R: busy, a lot of people are moving to the area. Mostly new constructions are really getting snapped up actually.
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: People
SPEAKER_L: about
SPEAKER_R: from up north, not your area, but new york massachusetts years in a lot of people, I would say anywhere from working families to older folks moving down. Just probably get out of the cold and kinda like we were talking about the city I guess.
SPEAKER_L: Well that's that's similar here like compared to when I was a kid, I mean you hear just around here just so many more like northern accents now as people who have either one retired or their companies have relocate relocated in north Carolina from like new york or somewhere. Yeah and so like the charlotte area and all that, the best exploding like population wise that the real estate market there's like just gotten insane. Uh So it's a really fast growing uh fast growing state, it's still feels kind of the same as when I grew up at the same time. Not really it's just changing a whole lot, it really is.
SPEAKER_R: So you're in the area where you, you grew up?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Yeah roughly Yeah I went to school in the mountains uh and then ended up like I said I went to D. C. And then coming back here I live within less than an hour kind of from where I grew up and most of my parents live hour and a half away, my brother's hour and a half away and
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: most of my extended family lives on the coast. Um So it kind of makes sense to stay stay in north Carolina I think. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I've never actually been in north Carolina but I remember in college we drove through there and we stayed, we stayed there for like, we would go into a camping trip and we stayed there. I just love the kind of the mix of the country but kind of the wood area and then, But you have the coast if you want to go to the coast and to me at the time, I like the climate because like you said, you have at least somewhat of a season, but it's not the brutal cold like you have north.
SPEAKER_L: Um You know I'm about depending on where you go I guess I'm an hour and a half or two hours from the mountains and then like three hours from the beat both you can go there in a day if you want to so it's a it's a good balance I think so. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: that's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: Are you sitting in a gaming chair? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I got one in the back. My old one in the back is for my, uh, my son, but he's only like four years old, but he'll, he'll sit and watch, watch games for with me. We'll, we'll play what we've been playing recently. Fall guys down. If you're familiar with all guys,
SPEAKER_L: I've heard of it yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's a silly little like obstacle course sort of game, but it's, you know, it's pG enough where he can sit and watch it and he can't really do much when he tries to play, but it's a fun little fun. Little we bond.
SPEAKER_L: Right well my nephews five and he can play a few things unlike his iPad, I think in the next few years he's gonna want to kind of keep increasing currently what he's playing and all that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I'm surprised these kids man, they are able to pick up things like that when it comes to attack any kind of technology, like if
SPEAKER_L: Not
SPEAKER_R: my same sword and we gave him a tablet with an android tablet and he just, he just kind of picked up the things along the way. A lot of it, it's obviously protected from a lot of the internet, but he can go on like PBS kids. And I just walked in one day and he was just kind of doing his thing with the PBS kids and like this is pretty crazy. I can't believe how fast you pick this up.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, one of my nephews, he was like searching for something on that, he had to show my dad how to do something like four. Uh huh. Pretty
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: well, what what games do you play usually?
SPEAKER_R: Um I usually is when I have the time I try to play games that my wife and I can play together, we're playing Borderlands three going through right now. And then when I when she's sometimes she works late shift, so when I'm home by myself I got nothing to do, I'll do Warhammer three is a total war genre games, like a strategy game. Give me the names. Uh
SPEAKER_L: I play I like to play FIFA, I like sports, so comics, that's the place for um used to play Madden, I don't play that too much anymore, I play and I play Star Wars like Galaxy Aguero's sometimes and then uh play some older games um as well like some of the older civilization games don't like, you know those are not
SPEAKER_R: I have 66 but I haven't, since the new expansion came out, I played actually just played when 6 16 out. So I played Civ Five for a little bit and never really got into it and I played 66 and I I really enjoyed it. It's one of those games I can't leave, installed my hard drive otherwise you know, you
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: you take one
SPEAKER_L: happens.
SPEAKER_R: click and it's like four hours later. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I try to be very strict with playing because I'm sure, you know, you start playing three or four hours can go by and I have been and I just, I don't have time to do that as much as as much as I used to, so I have to be limit screen time, you know? Very much.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: What's up?
SPEAKER_R: my wife and I we kind of set a goal about five years ago to kind of get away because we were in front of the screen at work when we come home and watch tv or something like, you know, let's get away from the screens. So we started playing really at first just kind of simple newer board games and they ended up just really getting into it and so we ended up buying like a bunch of different various four games and now we have like a it was kind of cool because I just went online and looked at people who are in the area that did it. And like a whole little kind of small again adult community that we play games with gets away.
SPEAKER_L: what are some of the board games you book? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: The first one that really got us in into, I would say, you know something away if it's not monopoly or
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: anything like that was, I don't heard of Dominion, it's a card game. So it's called a deck builder game. That that's what it's an older game. And then now when we play, we've been playing all kinds of games. Terra form mars is one of the big ones we like. Um
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: seven wonders is big with our group that we have seven or eight people. We can play that. Um And then just this the more simpler ones. But the uh most people are familiar with the term like the mafia game or or where wolf came. Yeah, so there's there's a there's a one that has like cards that give the roles and we played. So anyways we just have a whole bunch of games now. We just play with our friends on weekends and so it's been a lot of fun and it's a good way for us to get away from the screen.
SPEAKER_L: I like, I like risk. Yeah, I like playing a real stuff like that, that's my favorite. Probably. So you're still, you're still doing this like even with Covid, you're just doing like small groups or,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, we we stopped over the summer and then now we're kind of playing with people we know pretty well, you know, I'm safe. And two of the guys, there's a group of like at most seven, but two of the guys like are they work at a local uh local college and the professors, so they're teaching online, so they like hardly go out. And
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: then a couple other people are from the community, they don't really work in that kind of a large large setting, so we felt pretty good so far. How are things up by you or your family doing all right, everyone healthy.
SPEAKER_L: not the deaths in the area are pretty stable. The hospitalizations have gone up in the cases of gonna um They started back with school here I guess about mid september and in my county like it's
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: been once a week or once or twice a week. Since then like one or two schools are having to shut down for two weeks because as soon as they open the cases like started to spike been really just really frustrating. Uh So I went out there. I know florida was really bad like during the summer or whatever.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean Miami was the hardest obviously because it's the greatest population density where we live, the county we live, and it hasn't been too bad, But it's been kind of sad. It's, it's predominantly hitting in our community. We have, uh, it's basically, it's called the model. It's a poorer hispanic community And like 60% of the cases are in like a mockery. I think something like that. It's
SPEAKER_L: totally.
SPEAKER_R: just, it's just really sad because they
SPEAKER_L: We
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: have
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: the resources
SPEAKER_L: any.
SPEAKER_R: to go to the hospital, predominantly migrant workers. So we've been, I volunteer at a local church. So we've been clucking supplies and simple things, we have a friend who's a nurse and we'll go out and like bring cars that the kids will write. You know, the kids will, writes those cards. That means simple stuff. Like we're thinking about you, blah, blah, blah. But it means a lot to these Hispanic, older hispanic couples that are basically homebound. They can't go out. And when I say homebound, it's like, it's like a trailer
SPEAKER_L: Look.
SPEAKER_R: the size of my room here. It's really sad. They're just really struggling out there. So you know, my free time, we've been, my wife and I've been trying to help out down there, but that's predominantly the cases are, are focused right now in our area.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean here especially north Korea, like in the rural areas like here, a lot of, we have a lot of the economy is just not very good generally. Um We have a lot of processing plants for like chicken food, that kind of stuff. And the immigrant communities that they are the ones who tend to work there and they they've been hit like really bad that. And then the poorer african american uh communities are also been hit pretty bad too. So it's uh it's frustrating like talking to some of my friends who are teachers. Um you know, they said back during the spring when we started like the virtual stuff and all that. Uh you know, they had kids who would show up for the first day of like the online classes and then like never saw them
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: again.
SPEAKER_R: must be so, yeah. So frustrated.
SPEAKER_L: I mean I know there bound, I'm sure there are, you know, students here, they don't have internet. I mean they have a local connection if they're lucky. Um And they're just, you know, they're falling so far behind compared to wealthier families who can you've got the perfect setup for per virtual learning all that's what's really frustrating. Um But I mean I understand having to shut everything down and I get it, it's just it's just frustrating for everybody,
SPEAKER_R: yeah. How is your are schooled in the sense again,
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: just one
SPEAKER_L: not.
SPEAKER_R: year before he goes to school, but if not mistaken our, our school district, they have three options right now where it's, um, in person, virtual learning completely and then virtual learning on your own and then in january or the next message they're doing away with the virtual learning with the teacher. So there's going to be the virtual learning on your own, which is always kind of been available. Um, they just didn't approve it, but now like basically if you choose to do everyone's approved and then of course at home, are you is your area doing about the same thing or something similar?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You got the option to do it from home if you want to and then a lot of like some of my friends who have kids uh they just chose to keep their kids home anyway um that's kind of been pretty popular and then they're trying to do, they've been trying to like alternating days, I feel like half the school goes one day and a half like virtual the next. Um it's going okay I guess uh
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: that's about as well as you can say I think well
SPEAKER_R: how has your business been affected by it a lot or is it?
SPEAKER_L: uh honestly back yet. Well it's different, it's probably how I describe it. We uh like april may june, we weren't doing any in person, like a state sales or anything like that. However also like also sell online on like Ebay amazon, it kind of, that went through the roof starting around mid March and then, you know, everybody got for most, everybody got stimulus checks and all that and that just added to selling a lot online as much as I ever had, really kind of during the spring. Um we started doing in person uh state sales again, we started that back. Um okay, I'm all, I guess that was that's going fun. Um you know, we require, everyone wears a mask and if you don't wear one can turn around and leave. I don't
SPEAKER_R: Hi.
SPEAKER_L: business that badly. Um so it's, you know, it's just just, it's different, it's kind of the main thing, but you know, the general revenue, I think to be honest is kind of about the same. So
SPEAKER_R: That's really
SPEAKER_L: pretty
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: lucky just because the, the online portion of our business, it's so easy to list items for sale online that able to really kind of minimize the impact, but you know, unfortunately a lot of businesses can't do that. What?
SPEAKER_R: I know it's interesting, we we've been fairly lucky so far again, online, our online classes of kind of just skyrocket, we don't have any in person ones. Um and then we're like
SPEAKER_L: Well we
SPEAKER_R: there's
SPEAKER_L: got
SPEAKER_R: some
SPEAKER_L: the news
SPEAKER_R: weekends
SPEAKER_L: network
SPEAKER_R: where I'll take a
SPEAKER_L: with
SPEAKER_R: shift
SPEAKER_L: the support.
SPEAKER_R: where I'll just basically someone we've taken the class online and they have an option to call into the teacher anytime if they have questions. And so usually that would come around once a weekend, I pick one of those up and I've had since really since March every week, an opportunity to pick one of those up. I mean it's just been really kind of crazy. Um But
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: it enables especially it's you know the unemployment rate
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: I know in florida like five point something, but in the hospitality area it's like 20% like it's just devastated around here, like some of our restaurants closed down somewhere basically doing the you come up to the window and you can order food that way, but you can't go in. Uh So I think the younger, especially those are just out of college in culture devastated because there's no serving jobs out there,
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: hotels, golf courses, things like that.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, I mean I feel like there are a lot of bars that they're just, they're gonna need some kind of bailout or or something because I mean it seems like bars are like the absolute worst. Please go as far as spreading it and I don't know
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. They were they were the one business around here that essentially whatever stage we were in there was they were still closed down, I think they just allowed a certain like 50% capacity. Uh, they were, they were closed down for a while.
SPEAKER_L: Restaurants here can be it like 50% capacity, although to be honest a lot of the sheriffs are not enforcing any other so they kind of do their own thing
SPEAKER_R: same.
SPEAKER_L: uh which is kind of frustrating, but I mean I haven't, I've gotten take out plenty of times, but I haven't eaten at a restaurant since March, which is kind of crazy to think about. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You know the one that was kind of funny and we were, I used, I don't know if you heard of the mint out. It's an app that you can trap dances and things and uh, you know, we, again, we, my wife and I, we did pretty, we did okay
SPEAKER_L: your
SPEAKER_R: over the covid
SPEAKER_L: purpose.
SPEAKER_R: the covid months. But I was like, man, we're our food budget. Like
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: understand.
SPEAKER_R: just, it just dropped because we won't eat out anymore. And uh, and I was like, Hey, you know what, let's try and keep this habit because we were eating way too much and you know, we're a small family too. But you go out, you know, wife, me and four year old and you're still, you're looking at 40 sometimes $60 you're dropping after tips. So.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, absolutely, Absolutely. Yes. I mean, I think there's some stuff that's not gonna change like and you're doing like a lot of places, I think colleges are just going to do that even more. I think that's probably here to stay to some extent, so
SPEAKER_R: they had, I forgot which one of the florida State University's they got, well I shouldn't say they the kids got in trouble because they were so busy. They were throwing parties and everything. So they basically said you can't do this anymore and then they were but they were still allowing football games and I don't know, I heard recently that football games were kind of, they basically had to cut it down even less people because the snow was listening
SPEAKER_L: I've
SPEAKER_R: to the guidelines.
SPEAKER_L: got, I've had season tickets for University of north Carolina football, But I just, this year just decided and they're, they're allowing like 10 capacity and I just feel like I'm not gonna mess with
SPEAKER_R: I haven't got to work for season pass holders like you though. Like if
SPEAKER_L: you just, well, it, they just, they gave season ticket holders the priority for buying. It's and it just turns out just a lot of season ticket holders are just not interested. Uh Like the people who had donated the most money to the university, they got the first option to buy tickets, and then people like me way down the list would give the option to, but I just decided I'll just I'll save the money for the year and just
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: you. Uh huh. That's too bad. We my wife and we loved going to the the local high school football games. You know, we support unions. A lot of the kids I work with through the church and stuff like that, and it was great seeing them, but now I'm just like, I just don't want to risk it. My son sees my parents
SPEAKER_L: thanks.
SPEAKER_R: who are fairly good shape and they're in their late sixties and I'm just like, you know, I just don't I just don't want to risk that. So yeah, we missed the whole football season because they're I think they're done it like the first or second week of november already.
SPEAKER_L: They're going to play in the winter here, I don't know how that's gonna work, but But I mean like, yeah, my parents are both around 72 and they're in good health, but just worried that, I mean, you just never uh because like there was a It's like the college and you're here a 19 year old call, it was like perfectly healthy and uh Yeah, I know that's very rare, but still, I mean, you know, you just never know. So that's why you just try to be careful. We're just like, we decided like I'm gonna see my parents and my brother and his wife and kids for thanksgiving, like, but we're not going to do the whole extended family kind of share with. Uh I hate missing out on it, but it's it's just for the best.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we're doing 15. That's something my parents uh and that's that's it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's smart, smart. I think we're up on the 20. Uh
SPEAKER_R: it was good talking with you.
SPEAKER_L: I will take care of Lee they say they can stay healthy,
SPEAKER_R: You too, man, And good luck with the business,
SPEAKER_L: take care