Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. All the pictures, everyone. Okay. Oh, thank you. Good luck with that. Wonderful. Mhm. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. The Second amendment protections. Yeah. Mhm. What? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. This is about. Mhm. Thank you. Thank you. Hey, how's going?
I'm glad to see someone show up. I try to do this like yesterday and uh no one like never showed up, so I just sat here like an idiot for
Mhm.
But
All right. Is that where you're from?
North Carolina? Yeah. So do you find us on prolific I guess?
Yeah, I mean, you know, but I guess what is it like $17 or something like that for 20? It's just talk to somebody that's a pretty good deal. Uh
Um it's actually been warmer than normal, was like 80 uh today, which is kind of which is a little higher than normal, but october here is one of those months. Or it can be 40 or 50, or it can be kind of 70 or 80. Uh just depends, but I mean the leaves are changing and all that, so it kind of feels kind of feels like fall I guess. All
Right.
Yeah. You don't mind me asking what part of florida
Naples? Okay. I've been to Miami
uh before, so how did you, how did you end up down there?
Yeah. What, what were you studying?
I want to
Yeah, I don't I don't really use it anymore. Yeah,
I
enjoyed it. Uh I feel like I've chose like the right thing and so forth, but yeah, that's cool to meet somebody else who does that. I feel pretty lucky I've done uh four or five of these over like the last, I guess it's like the beginning of summer and every person I've talked to has been pretty cool. Like there hasn't been anyone that's been like all quartered like the conversation or anything like that.
Exactly.
Both.
Yeah. I mean of all the topics to, I'm really agree. Where do you work? Yeah.
I don't
know.
No.
Uh used to work at Department of Justice, uh now I'm a small business owner, uh
do auctions, estate sales, uh that kind of stuff. Um Getting not really something that I planned on uh kind of doing it just kind of happened kind of naturally about five or six years ago because I was I was with Department of Justice but I was importing through a uh like a private company, like they lost their contract and so I came back to north Carolina and needed a job and was having a tough time like and like what I wanted to do so just try this and it's kind of you know gotten better kind of every year that I've done it. Uh uh
Life is just kind of unexpected uh and then not doing it right now but like off and on every few years I have taught like intro to american government at a community college but the area I'm in is kind of rural. Uh So a lot of it's not like that class is an offer like every semester or anything because it's not
needed necessarily. Uh So I just kind of do it whenever whenever they have enough students for it
so.
and I mean I was living in D. C. Which half of me really liked uh and then half of he was kind of very glad get out of there like living there, it was studio apartment Like $1200 a month. And here you can get a house, Your mortgage famous less than $12 a month.
This
is.
that's
it.
it's just I mean it's it's you know it's like most big cities, it's very fast paced, everyone is very very career oriented and come here it's just coming back here a little bit slower, kind of pays the life a little bit. I think that kind of fits my personality a little bit better so I'm kind of glad I think I ended up coming back here so.
possible.
Here.
Right right so the real estate market probably keeping you pretty busy right now isn't it?
so
problem
think
about
Well that's that's similar here like compared to when I was a kid, I mean you hear just around here just so many more like northern accents now as people who have either one retired or their companies have relocate relocated in north Carolina from like new york or somewhere. Yeah and so like the charlotte area and all that, the best exploding like population wise that the real estate market there's like just gotten insane. Uh So it's a really fast growing uh fast growing state, it's still feels kind of the same as when I grew up at the same time. Not really it's just changing a whole lot, it really is.
Uh Yeah roughly Yeah I went to school in the mountains uh and then ended up like I said I went to D. C. And then coming back here I live within less than an hour kind of from where I grew up and most of my parents live hour and a half away, my brother's hour and a half away and
most of my extended family lives on the coast. Um So it kind of makes sense to stay stay in north Carolina I think. Yeah.
Um You know I'm about depending on where you go I guess I'm an hour and a half or two hours from the mountains and then like three hours from the beat both you can go there in a day if you want to so it's a it's a good balance I think so. Uh huh.
Are you sitting in a gaming chair? Yeah.
I've heard of it yeah.
Right well my nephews five and he can play a few things unlike his iPad, I think in the next few years he's gonna want to kind of keep increasing currently what he's playing and all that. Yeah.
Not
Yeah, one of my nephews, he was like searching for something on that, he had to show my dad how to do something like four. Uh huh. Pretty
well, what what games do you play usually?
I play I like to play FIFA, I like sports, so comics, that's the place for um used to play Madden, I don't play that too much anymore, I play and I play Star Wars like Galaxy Aguero's sometimes and then uh play some older games um as well like some of the older civilization games don't like, you know those are not
what
happens.
I try to be very strict with playing because I'm sure, you know, you start playing three or four hours can go by and I have been and I just, I don't have time to do that as much as as much as I used to, so I have to be limit screen time, you know? Very much.
What's up?
what are some of the board games you book? Yeah.
No.
so
I like, I like risk. Yeah, I like playing a real stuff like that, that's my favorite. Probably. So you're still, you're still doing this like even with Covid, you're just doing like small groups or,
but
not the deaths in the area are pretty stable. The hospitalizations have gone up in the cases of gonna um They started back with school here I guess about mid september and in my county like it's
been once a week or once or twice a week. Since then like one or two schools are having to shut down for two weeks because as soon as they open the cases like started to spike been really just really frustrating. Uh So I went out there. I know florida was really bad like during the summer or whatever.
totally.
We
don't
have
any.
Look.
Yeah, I mean here especially north Korea, like in the rural areas like here, a lot of, we have a lot of the economy is just not very good generally. Um We have a lot of processing plants for like chicken food, that kind of stuff. And the immigrant communities that they are the ones who tend to work there and they they've been hit like really bad that. And then the poorer african american uh communities are also been hit pretty bad too. So it's uh it's frustrating like talking to some of my friends who are teachers. Um you know, they said back during the spring when we started like the virtual stuff and all that. Uh you know, they had kids who would show up for the first day of like the online classes and then like never saw them
again.
I mean I know there bound, I'm sure there are, you know, students here, they don't have internet. I mean they have a local connection if they're lucky. Um And they're just, you know, they're falling so far behind compared to wealthier families who can you've got the perfect setup for per virtual learning all that's what's really frustrating. Um But I mean I understand having to shut everything down and I get it, it's just it's just frustrating for everybody,
it's
not.
Yeah. You got the option to do it from home if you want to and then a lot of like some of my friends who have kids uh they just chose to keep their kids home anyway um that's kind of been pretty popular and then they're trying to do, they've been trying to like alternating days, I feel like half the school goes one day and a half like virtual the next. Um it's going okay I guess uh
that's about as well as you can say I think well
uh honestly back yet. Well it's different, it's probably how I describe it. We uh like april may june, we weren't doing any in person, like a state sales or anything like that. However also like also sell online on like Ebay amazon, it kind of, that went through the roof starting around mid March and then, you know, everybody got for most, everybody got stimulus checks and all that and that just added to selling a lot online as much as I ever had, really kind of during the spring. Um we started doing in person uh state sales again, we started that back. Um okay, I'm all, I guess that was that's going fun. Um you know, we require, everyone wears a mask and if you don't wear one can turn around and leave. I don't
business that badly. Um so it's, you know, it's just just, it's different, it's kind of the main thing, but you know, the general revenue, I think to be honest is kind of about the same. So
pretty
lucky just because the, the online portion of our business, it's so easy to list items for sale online that able to really kind of minimize the impact, but you know, unfortunately a lot of businesses can't do that. What?
Well we
got
the news
network
with
the support.
But
because
Absolutely.
Mhm. Yeah, I mean I feel like there are a lot of bars that they're just, they're gonna need some kind of bailout or or something because I mean it seems like bars are like the absolute worst. Please go as far as spreading it and I don't know
Restaurants here can be it like 50% capacity, although to be honest a lot of the sheriffs are not enforcing any other so they kind of do their own thing
uh which is kind of frustrating, but I mean I haven't, I've gotten take out plenty of times, but I haven't eaten at a restaurant since March, which is kind of crazy to think about. Yeah.
your
purpose.
I
understand.
yeah, absolutely, Absolutely. Yes. I mean, I think there's some stuff that's not gonna change like and you're doing like a lot of places, I think colleges are just going to do that even more. I think that's probably here to stay to some extent, so
I've
got, I've had season tickets for University of north Carolina football, But I just, this year just decided and they're, they're allowing like 10 capacity and I just feel like I'm not gonna mess with
you just, well, it, they just, they gave season ticket holders the priority for buying. It's and it just turns out just a lot of season ticket holders are just not interested. Uh Like the people who had donated the most money to the university, they got the first option to buy tickets, and then people like me way down the list would give the option to, but I just decided I'll just I'll save the money for the year and just
not
thanks.
They're going to play in the winter here, I don't know how that's gonna work, but But I mean like, yeah, my parents are both around 72 and they're in good health, but just worried that, I mean, you just never uh because like there was a It's like the college and you're here a 19 year old call, it was like perfectly healthy and uh Yeah, I know that's very rare, but still, I mean, you know, you just never know. So that's why you just try to be careful. We're just like, we decided like I'm gonna see my parents and my brother and his wife and kids for thanksgiving, like, but we're not going to do the whole extended family kind of share with. Uh I hate missing out on it, but it's it's just for the best.
Yeah, that's smart, smart. I think we're up on the 20. Uh
I will take care of Lee they say they can stay healthy,
take care