good. Can you hear me? Okay? Cook at
peace? Yeah, I
was about to say the same thing. I think this would be the third time I did it. So you'd be, you're the first person
to shop in the three times. So
uh, I'm from florida. What about yourself?
Yeah, prolific. And uh and so I was like, you know, just talk with a stranger, how bad could it be?
So how's the weather in north Carolina circling down up there?
I missed that. I'm from California originally and you know, I like, I like living in florida, but California had the seasons and so I kind of missed those seasons and uh
my wife does, so she's from Kentucky and she will say that's nice time, you don't to shovel snow anymore. But man, we missed the fall season.
I live in the southwest floors of Naples
and
well I end up here for school and I end up staying because my wife and I met at school and we just decided we liked the area, but it's not too bad. We like I said, we don't get seasons, but man, I don't miss shoveling the snow. Like we went back home two years ago and I lost, I lost my tolerance for the cold completely yesterday humanity.
So I I have a degree in political science and history.
Have you really?
Yeah, me
neither.
You know, sending off like serial killer vibes or something like that. Mhm.
We had, it was about, I don't know because I do these on and off. I had like a free day off from work and it was about a month or two ago and we did one. They said, okay, you're gonna, we're going to tell you about that. We're going to talk about when you log in. I'm like, all right, you know, it's gonna be too bad, And they're like, okay, you're going to talk about, you know, racial tensions. I'm like, are you serious? Like this is I mean, what if people are getting angry? Really cool and had actually it was a really
great conversation. I'm really surprised.
So I work at a local school around here, and so I teach, I teach at the school and then I teach online as well. So um give me time to do things like this because I teach were joking
about
not having our degree relevant to our profession. I work in real estate. So
I teach, teach real estate classes, but I teach them online, and so I have time to do things like that. But what about you? What do you do?
So cool,
That's cool.
What
gotcha, contrary to what
I'm talking about? A pivot uh you know career choice? That's really awesome that you don't know you got a chance to do that at school.
Yeah. D. C. I've been to C. D. C. Numerous times on business and I kind of I love I love the idea of
the city
you know as far as like any man we had a lot of fun with our friends outside of business and the people that were working with were great there. But yeah it reminded me it remind me of kind of like a new light you know just it was you know the place we were staying at. It was it was nice but like you said it was you know luckily our company picked it up. It was expensive. Small old too. It was fairly old but we like the city itself, I loved it in the springtime winter.
It was
it was a little cold, little really?
I'm not much of a big city person, I've worked in Tampa and I've worked in Miami as for an internship
and I Miami especially just wasn't wasn't for me, it's like you said, I mean Naples is a city ish, you know, it's not a huge city, but it's you know like we if you want like in Naples you can live in what's called the Golden Gate Estates areas and five acres of land if you want, if you really want to get away. Yeah, we don't we don't live out there, but we're, you know, we're in the area
were in a smaller community away from kind of the main city hubs, so we still, my wife and I still have about a half hour drive or something, 20 min drive. So it's far enough away for us that we don't feel like we're in the middle of the city.
Yeah. It was, it's been very surprising. It's been
actually, despite her with very
busy, a lot of people are moving to the area. Mostly new constructions are really getting snapped up actually.
People
from up north, not your area, but new york massachusetts years in a lot of people, I would say anywhere from working families to older folks moving down. Just probably get out of the cold and kinda like we were talking about the city I guess.
So you're in the area where you, you grew up?
That's
I've never actually been in north Carolina but I remember in college we drove through there and we stayed, we stayed there for like, we would go into a camping trip and we stayed there. I just love the kind of the mix of the country but kind of the wood area and then, But you have the coast if you want to go to the coast and to me at the time, I like the climate because like you said, you have at least somewhat of a season, but it's not the brutal cold like you have north.
that's awesome.
I got one in the back. My old one in the back is for my, uh, my son, but he's only like four years old, but he'll, he'll sit and watch, watch games for with me. We'll, we'll play what we've been playing recently. Fall guys down. If you're familiar with all guys,
it's a silly little like obstacle course sort of game, but it's, you know, it's pG enough where he can sit and watch it and he can't really do much when he tries to play, but it's a fun little fun. Little we bond.
I'm surprised these kids man, they are able to pick up things like that when it comes to attack any kind of technology, like if
my same sword and we gave him a tablet with an android tablet and he just, he just kind of picked up the things along the way. A lot of it, it's obviously protected from a lot of the internet, but he can go on like PBS kids. And I just walked in one day and he was just kind of doing his thing with the PBS kids and like this is pretty crazy. I can't believe how fast you pick this up.
Yeah.
Um I usually is when I have the time I try to play games that my wife and I can play together, we're playing Borderlands three going through right now. And then when I when she's sometimes she works late shift, so when I'm home by myself I got nothing to do, I'll do Warhammer three is a total war genre games, like a strategy game. Give me the names. Uh
I have 66 but I haven't, since the new expansion came out, I played actually just played when 6 16 out. So I played Civ Five for a little bit and never really got into it and I played 66 and I I really enjoyed it. It's one of those games I can't leave, installed my hard drive otherwise you know, you
you take one
click and it's like four hours later. Mhm.
I don't know.
my wife and I we kind of set a goal about five years ago to kind of get away because we were in front of the screen at work when we come home and watch tv or something like, you know, let's get away from the screens. So we started playing really at first just kind of simple newer board games and they ended up just really getting into it and so we ended up buying like a bunch of different various four games and now we have like a it was kind of cool because I just went online and looked at people who are in the area that did it. And like a whole little kind of small again adult community that we play games with gets away.
The first one that really got us in into, I would say, you know something away if it's not monopoly or
anything like that was, I don't heard of Dominion, it's a card game. So it's called a deck builder game. That that's what it's an older game. And then now when we play, we've been playing all kinds of games. Terra form mars is one of the big ones we like. Um
seven wonders is big with our group that we have seven or eight people. We can play that. Um And then just this the more simpler ones. But the uh most people are familiar with the term like the mafia game or or where wolf came. Yeah, so there's there's a there's a one that has like cards that give the roles and we played. So anyways we just have a whole bunch of games now. We just play with our friends on weekends and so it's been a lot of fun and it's a good way for us to get away from the screen.
yeah, we we stopped over the summer and then now we're kind of playing with people we know pretty well, you know, I'm safe. And two of the guys, there's a group of like at most seven, but two of the guys like are they work at a local uh local college and the professors, so they're teaching online, so they like hardly go out. And
then a couple other people are from the community, they don't really work in that kind of a large large setting, so we felt pretty good so far. How are things up by you or your family doing all right, everyone healthy.
And
Yeah, I mean Miami was the hardest obviously because it's the greatest population density where we live, the county we live, and it hasn't been too bad, But it's been kind of sad. It's, it's predominantly hitting in our community. We have, uh, it's basically, it's called the model. It's a poorer hispanic community And like 60% of the cases are in like a mockery. I think something like that. It's
just, it's just really sad because they
don't
have
the resources
to go to the hospital, predominantly migrant workers. So we've been, I volunteer at a local church. So we've been clucking supplies and simple things, we have a friend who's a nurse and we'll go out and like bring cars that the kids will write. You know, the kids will, writes those cards. That means simple stuff. Like we're thinking about you, blah, blah, blah. But it means a lot to these Hispanic, older hispanic couples that are basically homebound. They can't go out. And when I say homebound, it's like, it's like a trailer
the size of my room here. It's really sad. They're just really struggling out there. So you know, my free time, we've been, my wife and I've been trying to help out down there, but that's predominantly the cases are, are focused right now in our area.
It
must be so, yeah. So frustrated.
yeah. How is your are schooled in the sense again,
just one
year before he goes to school, but if not mistaken our, our school district, they have three options right now where it's, um, in person, virtual learning completely and then virtual learning on your own and then in january or the next message they're doing away with the virtual learning with the teacher. So there's going to be the virtual learning on your own, which is always kind of been available. Um, they just didn't approve it, but now like basically if you choose to do everyone's approved and then of course at home, are you is your area doing about the same thing or something similar?
Thank you.
how has your business been affected by it a lot or is it?
Hi.
That's really
good.
I know it's interesting, we we've been fairly lucky so far again, online, our online classes of kind of just skyrocket, we don't have any in person ones. Um and then we're like
there's
some
weekends
where I'll take a
shift
where I'll just basically someone we've taken the class online and they have an option to call into the teacher anytime if they have questions. And so usually that would come around once a weekend, I pick one of those up and I've had since really since March every week, an opportunity to pick one of those up. I mean it's just been really kind of crazy. Um But
it enables especially it's you know the unemployment rate
I know in florida like five point something, but in the hospitality area it's like 20% like it's just devastated around here, like some of our restaurants closed down somewhere basically doing the you come up to the window and you can order food that way, but you can't go in. Uh So I think the younger, especially those are just out of college in culture devastated because there's no serving jobs out there,
hotels, golf courses, things like that.
Yeah. They were they were the one business around here that essentially whatever stage we were in there was they were still closed down, I think they just allowed a certain like 50% capacity. Uh, they were, they were closed down for a while.
same.
Yeah. You know the one that was kind of funny and we were, I used, I don't know if you heard of the mint out. It's an app that you can trap dances and things and uh, you know, we, again, we, my wife and I, we did pretty, we did okay
over the covid
the covid months. But I was like, man, we're our food budget. Like
it's
just, it just dropped because we won't eat out anymore. And uh, and I was like, Hey, you know what, let's try and keep this habit because we were eating way too much and you know, we're a small family too. But you go out, you know, wife, me and four year old and you're still, you're looking at 40 sometimes $60 you're dropping after tips. So.
they had, I forgot which one of the florida State University's they got, well I shouldn't say they the kids got in trouble because they were so busy. They were throwing parties and everything. So they basically said you can't do this anymore and then they were but they were still allowing football games and I don't know, I heard recently that football games were kind of, they basically had to cut it down even less people because the snow was listening
to the guidelines.
I haven't got to work for season pass holders like you though. Like if
Thank
you. Uh huh. That's too bad. We my wife and we loved going to the the local high school football games. You know, we support unions. A lot of the kids I work with through the church and stuff like that, and it was great seeing them, but now I'm just like, I just don't want to risk it. My son sees my parents
who are fairly good shape and they're in their late sixties and I'm just like, you know, I just don't I just don't want to risk that. So yeah, we missed the whole football season because they're I think they're done it like the first or second week of november already.
Yeah, we're doing 15. That's something my parents uh and that's that's it.
it was good talking with you.
You too, man, And good luck with the business,