Oh, mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Oh. Mhm uh Yeah. Back. Mhm. Mhm Oh yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Time.
Okay. And you?
Yeah. All right. Um Hi, nice to meet you.
I'm Sarah, you're Sarah. Hi, I'm drugs. Um can I ask what part of the country
you're from or sitting here in the US
Virginia?
I am over in California. Yeah. North
Carolina's difference. Yeah.
It is 803
Uh No, this
is my fourth time, I think.
Yeah. I've had some pretty interesting conversations from people on here. The first time was a teacher from north Carolina. Um,
He was a really nice guy, gave me some life advice with his experience.
That
was, that
was a really fun one, in my opinion. Um Second one was a, it was a new mom from uh Denver, that's right, Denver yeah and the third one was like an ex veteran from Alaska. He was living there then, so. Yeah.
Oh yeah, I mean you know I think it's cool. I get paid to just talk to people across the country and I think it's useful in the pandemic during this time. So that's cool.
I actually don't even go out because I'm a college student so everything is
online right now, so yeah I do not leave my home often unfortunately.
Kind
of
gramps.
Yeah you know I actually go to school in Canada, so I was out in another country technically you know doing my own thing and now here I am back trapped up in the old place. So
um so when the pandemic hit in March,
they they said you can finish out the rest of the semester over there. Um But it was already online, so I was more or less just doing the same thing there and then after that you know I came home and there was no reason to go back because you know more rent and more costs. Yeah.
Yeah I have a couple of stories from that as well. Um I had a cousin who was supposed to do a year abroad in Korea and that got cancelled as well, but I had someone who did not get canceled. Uh He is a friend of mine who actually became a japanese teacher or an english teacher in Japan, so he should go do that. Yeah.
Yes. Um I'm actually you know learning japanese myself so I can't really say much, but I I can see why people would say you know at least learn like a foreign language, right? So you know, like at the very least the cultural things that implement, I think it's very cool, so yeah.
I think
it's everyone's
bucket list.
there's
another
one
full of cats as well.
That is a cat island.
I heard of
these,
yeah, it depends a nice place. They really let you like explorer niches there. It was just I think just comes like out of the strong urbanization there because you know to me it's like when you were in a strong urban place you can actively search out niches, so
uh maybe not judgmental is not the right thing because from what I know like japanese culture, they're really strict with, you know like you know, are you keeping the social order, you know, are you keeping in line? Like that's where the whole salaryman culture comes from, Do you know about that?
So there's a term in japanese, I forgot the exact word, but it basically means death by overworking. So salaryman in japan tend to say salaryman, but it applies to women too, but for short salary, media Salomon tend to like, but let's, let's say, you know, you've done your 9 to 5, right? And then you're ready to go home from work. But apparently, you know, it's, it's culture, it's tradition to wait until like everybody is ready to go home and then you go home, you're just kind of sitting there, you know, not really doing anything and maybe you're, maybe you're just, maybe they're doing something, I don't know, but like there it's pretty common to see people to work like 16 hour days just
based
on the tradition. Yeah. And you know, people do die from it and you know, family life is just kind of shoved to the side. It's a very secondary thing for a lot of people. It's changing now sincerely resting it. But it's definitely still there. Uh there's a term to do the companies that do this too. I believe it's called Black Companies. So the company is black. They overwork your workers. You know, they do those kind of things. You know,
I
think it is any industry. I I know for sure at least like the finance, the construction and the anime industry. I can think of like I know there are companies that do this for sure.
I
I
definitely
agree. Um it's not just depends. I think there's a lot of like asian countries that do this well. Uh in china there is the because it was the 996 or something. I think it was, you work nine our work from nine AM to nine PM six days a week. That's like a thing that they're tech companies do.
I think, you know someone who is asian and like grew up in this culture. I, I mean obviously I'm, you know, Americanized as well. So I, I don't see all of that, but like there's, there's a really strong emphasis on like, not so much, I don't know how to describe. It's not quite patriarchy, but like you should, you know, supply for the whole supply for the group, supply for your family specifically. And money, money is really important. So that's why, you know, chinese people tend to be really good savers because they really focused on that. Um Yeah, I think that's just, you know, part of where that comes from. So
it's tough. But uh, I'm glad to be here and not in that condition. So
he said, you follow a Tiktok er, um,
doing interesting
things.
that's cool.
Yeah, I'm not much of a Tiktok person, but I think I got a similar kind of fix on Youtube. So, uh, yeah, I follow some really weird things. Like there's this dude who talks about city planning, I find that interesting for some reason, I don't know. Uh, you know, well, since we're on the subject of like Asian Japan, I know there's this guy named chris broad abroad in Japan. I watched as tours around Japan. Um, there's also this dude who just lives on a farm in Vermont, I don't know, it's interesting
apparently.
it's
been longer, you
know?
Well,
um, I think it just like topics. I'm not really much of a walking I either, you know, like, I think, I think for the sole reason we're like just a camera looking like, hey guys,
they were gonna do things I don't
know,
I
can't
people for
them
unboxing is okay unless you know, like shaking the camera. I don't know,
I get motions like really easily so
you
know,
Yeah, my sister used to watch this like korean baby show where they would just take it as a korean show and they just filmed babies for like, you know, an hour each week and just posted on
like,
And when, whenever I see for watching it all I can think of is like, God, if that were me and I saw myself, you know in 13 years just watching like millions of people watch my baby, watch me, you know, crap my pants. Like that would be
paris
like,
like fame is scary, especially when it like puts you in a box and then you're, you change out of that, you know?
yeah. You know, I, I appreciate what those people do, but I, I don't know if I could do any of them myself without some like kind of veil of non emit e, which is, it's possible, but I wouldn't do it. Mhm.
Uh do I was actually playing Minecraft right before this um
I don't know what's with that. It's been getting popular again recently. It always comes in these waves and comes and goes. But yeah.
Oh yeah, I was, I was among the travel to, I did try and Valerie, not much of knowledge for me, I'm more of a counterstrike person, so
I can tell
the same
temperature.
Yeah, it's, it's an amazing world out there when you just kind of give sandbox games, like it's hard to make them successful. But when, when they do like they
uh so I was thinking this not too long ago and having just like done my own survival world myself, I think I can kind of explain like the thought process between on how it gets so addicting. So like so there is survival, right? Like you get, do you at least understand the gift of that? Like you know, you have popped in this world,
a bunch of things are out to kill you. You know, do your best to survive, right,
spiders,
keepers, skeletons. The specifics
not that important.
But there's a lot of things out to kill you, right? So, um, you know, but then you, you build a house, you build a structure to protect yourself. And then, you know, let's say in my case, you know, I want to serve it with friends. and then there's a dude, you know who put his house 50 m away, it's like well that's kind of far and we need a trade often. So I'm going to build a railway to his house and then that takes up a lot of resources so I have to go down digging, I have to go pick up stuff and then I finally build it and then it's like you know, oh and the process that it's like you know, I need a lot of iron for this. Maybe we should build like an iron farm and you know it's like well I could trade with the villagers
but then trade the villagers, I need food,
you know, and it just becomes this whole mess of like things
to do and in the meantime those people just creating random pixel art in the server, you know, of you know, random things, sands from
under tail
or just sticks.
So,
you,
your, your traps in your own, like your own needs, your own imagination. Like once the ball gets rolling, you just kind of like there's more and more of things to do and more and eventually, you know, you do drop it for something else that looks more interesting. But
you know,
it's okay if you're more into like RPGS like lego games, that's fine. You know, a lot of people like that out there and they're
all fun in their own right.
How
uh, can I give you a video game recommendation actually? Yeah. So I, I do play some refugees myself and one of the ones that I enjoyed recently is called Katana Zero.
Yeah, it's about this dune who basically he fought in a war and in the war they use these drugs that would make them allow them to basically like go back and forth in time. But that drug caused an addiction and so the more you abuse it, the more things get really weird. Really necessarily violent. So are you okay with violence? Dark fantasy? Okay. It's a little bit dark. Um, but if you're okay with that, then it's got a great soundtrack. It's the fighting is really fluid. Um it's pretty easy to fall along with the story. I think so, yeah, that that takes a solid recommendation for me.
I think it's on switch. It is a it is a pc game otherwise, but you can play with the controller. Yeah,
The short game too. So if you don't like it then you can get done with it pretty quickly. Yeah.
no,
no,
no,
it's
totally fine. I remember playing it before. It's fine. Nothing
wrong with
nothing wrong with some wacky fun every once in a while, right?
Oh yeah, it's amazing. You know, to see like kids and like even in adults can play the same games these days. So I think, I think it's cool, you know?
Mm It's a lot easier if you grow up with it because
like, like that's when you're developed, like when you're growing, especially when you hit puberty is when you're starting to hit like develop your mechanical skill. Um And like especially like if you start like if you if you're in those teenage years, like you're also developing your mind and your cycles, you can actually think strategically about some more of the competitive games. Yeah,
I think that's why it's really easy if you start as a kid to really physically get into it, like
For
the boys,
I mean, I think reading like just being able to sit down and read is less of the common skill these days and frankly I wish I did more of it because my intention span is shorter than I would like it to be. Um it's getting better now that I know that in college again and doing schoolwork, so, but yeah, reading is good to do something
good too, don't forget
it.
it's a good point actually. Yeah, I don't think about it that way.
I think that, you know, this is just keeping is relevant to any kind of community, right? Like that's a little bit out there, like, you know, because some people can't really get into it. It's like you only discuss discuss these things with people who get into it. So when someone who comes into it with, like, a slightly different opinion was like, no, you're wrong, five other people told me no. Yeah.
yeah, I think I had a similar moment because I have a friend who was really into transformers, um, collects a lot of the toys, You know, he, uh, watch a lot of movies and all that reads the book, comics and all that. He told me. He knows he knows people online to actually actively gay people who, like, watch the movies and like, get into it from that because like, oh, this is a Michael Bay movie. It's awful. You know, all of these explosions and Megan fox, like, okay,
that's true. Uh, that's fine. Yeah, I will sit here. I will enjoy it anyway.
you're
you're you're a fan of Spiderman name. Every Spider.
yeah. Yeah.
Um My, let me think about that a little bit I guess. Hold on, I'm blanking on here. I I definitely have some stuff I'm really into. I mean I'm more of an animal person, so that's the kind of things I'm into. Um I I used to be like a really hardcore fan, you know, I could watch like 12, 13 episodes in a day and not feel anything now. It's kind of slowed down now. Like I I've been, you know, again I've been focusing more on college and work so
I I like um it's okay. So I think I just like things with psychological elements I like, you know, romance dramas, those are fine. But I also like detective dramas and my favorite kind of thing is when like there's there's a psyche battle, like, you know, like where one guy goes, all right, I'm gonna put my troops here, but then the other guy goes, aha. But I know you're gonna put your troops here, so I put them here in place of that. Another guy goes, aha. But I knew you were going to counter my troops and putting them here. I want to do that. I put them, I use them as bait and I put them on the cliff instead that that kind of thing. You know, like it's always unexpected. It's always putting the adrenaline in. Uh Yeah. And recently I found out that my old friend from high school actually became an animator for uh for anime. So I've been watching more action shows because of him because he recommends all of them because he specialized in like martial arts and that kind of fighting thing in animation. So I've been watching more of that office recommendations.
I mean it counts, you know, a funny thing enough. I actually watched Cowboy Bebop recently. I didn't like it that much. Like
it was
very, it doesn't follow very linear story. It's just kind of like episodic, you know, guide us cool things, one episode, Guide us cool the next episode and occasionally a little sprinkling, you know, little story elements here and there.
It's like, you know, it's cool, you know, it was a pretty decent eighties anime but at the same time it didn't catch me, you know,
I feel like it's mostly like the demographics. So with no, there are kids, you know, anime pointed out kids. But uh like cartoons tend to usually focus on kids and the ones that don't are more like comedy centric, like family Guy or Simpsons, that kind of thing. Anime is like, you know, like like we mentioned before with Japan like it likes to explore niches, right? Like that's the same thing. So there's this one really famous anime called Initial D. Where it's entirely about the niche japanese sport of drifting like drifting cars.
it's really popular even though most of Muslims don't even know how to drive a stick shift. So that's that's something, you know? But I guess people into it. Um
And the other weird things too, like there's an about basketball and then there's
an
anime
about uh you know what would happen if everybody got teleported into a game world and like it's more of like it's more like books turned into shows and this is a pretty natural order because most of them are based off the manga or the comics, right? So yeah, of course it's going to be more like books going to shows. Uh I think that's the main difference. So when people say like, you know, do you like anime? That's not really very, you know, it's not it's not it's not a very specific question because like yeah, I like some but I hate others. Yeah,
it's it's more of a platform and a style rather than a genre. So okay,
there's some really weird ones out there. Yeah, for sure. There's one about like exercising, it just talks about like different exercise routines. It's like it's called how heavy are the dumbbells, How heavy how heavy can you lift your dumbbells or something? You know, something like that.
I haven't watched it actually. I think there's some like linear plot to it, but it's it's mostly about like, you know, this is how you properly lift. You know, I'm not making this up.
okay. I think we are done with time now so we can end. Uh So I'm talking to you though. There was a
thank you.
Thank you so much. I don't know what your job is, but good luck with whatever
it is. Okay.
And yeah, that's really refreshing. I have not had a chance to turn out like this in a long time, so
thank you so much.