Hello, How are you
doing? Good.
Would you? I'm Sarah,
you have?
I'm in Virgin. I'm in Virginia.
Um, so I think we're technically classified as the South, but I always thought it was like mid atlantic. Doesn't really feel too much like the south. Where are you at?
little.
Yeah. What, what time is it there for you guys?
Okay. It's 11 03 for us. So yeah. Is this your, is this your first time doing one of these?
No.
Oh my gosh, This is, this is technically my second, but the last time the other person didn't show up. Yeah. So I was like, oh, thank but yeah.
Cool.
That's
off
now.
That's super cool. That's like so many people from like across the country, Like that's kind of cool that like there's a lot of prolific people out there. Like
definitely. Yeah. I feel like pretty much all I do is like go to work and come home. So it's like nice to be able to like talk to somebody who like, you know from somewhere else, not just like family members or whatever
and
Oh man, that's
got to
be
rough.
Did they send you, did they send you home? Were you there? And then they like made you leave or
honey?
The thing that's so, that's so rough though because I feel like going like Canada is such a different place than it would have been really nice to have like a normal college experience in another country as well. Like that's got to be rough. Like I always, I feel pretty bad for like anyone who was doing study abroad or anything, like getting to go experience something new and then like all of this happened and they just like either had to go home or they had to stay where they were and just quarantine. It's like, that's not like a great experience.
I was, I'm always interested when people have this job. Like I followed this girl and Tiktok who's, she's uh, she's an english teacher in spain and she's like, yeah, everyone should do this like go teach english in like a foreign country. And I was like, you know, maybe, maybe that's what I should do. Like I think that would be fun.
definitely. Plus like, I don't know, Japan is one of those places I've always wanted to visit.
It
just,
it really is. They have this, they have this island there. It's like an island full of rabbits. It's like called, I think it's called Rabbit Island.
And I really
want to
go
a cat island.
I would, yeah, I would go for a cat island and I like they have all these like cool um like tea cafes or like coffee shops where they have like a cat cafe or like a rabbit cafe. I saw Ahead
Talk
one like those are pretty cool.
Yeah. It seems like it seems like a place where you can kind of like be yourself, like there's lots of communities you could go and like join and it seems kind of like open like it's not gonna be like super judgmental and people are just like living their best lives like being artistic or. Yeah.
I don't know about that now.
That's so
crazy.
Is it like any industry or is it like business or finance or like just
anything
that's got to be like so much, I could probably only do that for like maybe a week at a time because I I feel like he would lose a lot of like your productivity and your creativity and then you would just be like working but not producing things that are like good, like you would just be focused on like how long can I work instead of like how good can I produce something or like how
creative can
I
be?
Oh my god, it's just how do you have time to like go and enjoy life? Like they're just working
That's good, it's good to know then his hat right?
Yeah definitely you know? Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah I felt well felt a lot of two doctors but like I don't know not like influences or anything, just kind of like cool people that I see. Like I follow like this one girl has like she lives on like a goat farm and then I like follow the girl who is a teacher in spain. Um I don't know, I just kind of follow people who like are doing like fun, interesting
things I
like, yeah, like I want to see like how do other people live, like what are they doing? Like, I don't know, I'm not really into like, I guess pop, I guess not really like the pop culture things or like, I don't know, I get a lot of cosplay on on Tiktok
and so it's kind of cool because I really like people are so creative and they make like amazing costumes and like they seem like they have a lot of fun. So it's like maybe like one day I'll do that. But
It
I like, I like, I've never been a youtube person like besides like, like I watch music videos or like a funny video, but I've never like, I guess I never really got into, or like wasn't exposed to like the like vlogging lifestyle or like when people would have like those informative videos, like I never like consistently watch like a person. So like maybe that's maybe I should like look and see kind of like not the like Tiktok like short videos, but like if there was someone who is, you know, videotaping like what
they're,
what
they're doing or like you get more like more information and like can kind of keep up with their lives like that be kind of fun. I
haven't really gotten into that. But
You
know,
you
don't like
the, you
know,
like the unboxing videos where people just have like boxes, little stuff in front of them. They're like, look at this cool thing I got and I'm like, oh wow. Like,
man.
Yeah. Because I guess like I,
I
never like, I know like a lot of people like my age, they watch like the makeup vlogs or like, I don't know, a lot of my friends would watch like the mommy bloggers, but I always thought that was kind of weird because I was like, I don't want to like I'm gonna like know how people are raising their kids or whatever like that. Like that's not really interesting to me. And I also feel like it's weird because your kids are being filmed all the time and it's like, what are they like they're gonna grow up and be like, oh my gosh, my whole life was on the internet, like everyone could see what I was doing
just
doing their thing, just whatever they're doing
right. It's
like worth. It's like worse than like America's funniest home videos where it's like, okay, well at least like if you ended up on there it was only like two minutes or whatever, but it's like if someone was videotaping you all the time, it's like oh my God, like you just grew up people watching
them,
Oh yeah and everyone like freaks out because they're like oh my God you're not the same person anymore. And it's like yeah, neither is any normal person like you get to change, you can can be whatever you want to be.
Do you play any video games?
My boyfriend's playing Minecraft in the other room. Mr
yeah, I don't he usually plays, I don't know, he played so many games. True. What was the game you were playing before? Minecraft? Uh Valerie Valerie and he was telling Valerie before um And like he and his friends and his friends, they all like all these like college friends they got into among us. So they are playing that.
Yeah, he played Counter Strike a lot. I haven't
seen
a play it in a
while beyond now. It's been Minecraft and we were I was hanging out with one of my co workers and her daughters and they are really into roadblocks. Um and so then Drew was like oh I'm gonna like go into roadblocks because they were telling us all about like this whole crazy world. I was like oh my gosh there's so many things going on there like I wouldn't even know where to start.
Yeah I like, I don't I don't really know, I don't really know much about Minecraft like what do you what do you what do you do in Minecraft like
this morning?
I didn't, I guess I never really got that aspect. I know there's like the creepers and I've heard him say spiders,
so,
so
school gyms.
that's
I'm good.
We're
got
line.
Okay. Yeah, I guess I guess I, I never knew like how to play those kind of games because like the only video games I've ever played were like there was like a path or there's like something you have to follow. Like I grew up playing the lego games and then I played them as an adult because like that's really all I know, I was never really good at like Battlefront or anything else that has like
a storyline or involves anything that more that like if a child can't play it or like a small child couldn't figure it out. I probably wouldn't be very good at it. But I like, I like the lego games and they have like, a storyline, so I was like, how does someone play it? How do you play Minecraft, like, is there a story that are you running from anything, like, do you do things or you just, like, I'm gonna play around and figure out what you want to do, like, you create
your own ah,
go
out and
because
yeah, they were, they were like fun to me, but I guess like, maybe I'm not like as creative
of a person, so it, like, in some ways it almost stresses me out having like that open world and like, oh, you have to like, go find things to do, or like, oh, you have to like, do your own stuff. I'm like, well, I feel like I don't know what to do, whereas, like in the lego games or whatever, there's kind of like a there's a story and yes, there are side tasks and yes, there's things you can explore on your own, but like, most the time you're just following, like, okay, you go from this step to this step or you go find this and you do that, and then it just kind of like, progresses and it's like, I don't know, it gives me a sense of like, order and like, you know, you're getting through that storyline, so it's like, it makes sense, like, but yeah.
Katana zero. Okay.
Is a computer or is it like on an Xbox or PS four?
okay, okay, I'll check it out. I'll just ask Drew, we can we can find it for me.
Okay. Yeah, my boyfriend has tried to get me to like, play like, different types of games just because like, the only ones that I know about or like the lego games are like Battlefront or whatever. Um and he tried to get me to do this, this one computer game where it was like a, it was like a mystery and it's like, I forget what the name of it was, but it like dropped me in the middle of like a pirate boat or or like a boat and then I had to like figure out who like killed all these people. And it was a lot of like, like clues and like discerning things from a log and it like kind of drives me crazy because it's like, I don't know what the next step is like, I don't know if I can remember all this stuff. And then I tried to play the portal game and that one drove me crazy. Yeah, I couldn't, I couldn't get that one. And then I tried to play, uh the one the one I do like, I like goat simulator and it looks like completely like Goofy Goofy game.
I
did like
that
though.
Gove.
Yeah, I like to go simulator and I was like, that was like, that was good enough for that was good for me. I could, you know, I can handle that.
Mm Yeah. I like the little boy that I used to nanny. He was super into Minecraft and then I like told him about goat simulator and he like got into it and he was just like, he was crazy about it. I was like, oh my gosh kids eight and he's like, I'm gonna be a goat. I'm gonna like everyone, it's like don't let people in person, wow. Mm
I think, yeah, I think so jail except like, I feel like the kids are like they're so they're so good at it. Like I don't remember being that good at like anything when I was a kid like
30.
What?
I like I don't think I ever played my first video game until I was probably like 10 or 11. But like I have two younger brothers and they had their they had like a P. S. I think we started with the PS two and then got other gaming systems over the years and we've never really had games before that and like it was kind of like their gaming system so it's like they grew up with games and they grew up with the video games and I didn't really like I would play every once in a while but there was only two controllers and it was kind of like oh with my parents kind of I guess they intended for the U. Game console to be for them because
like
you know I like to read and like you know do do whatever I did but I was like dang I missed out like I could be a gamer but
thanks.
I
feel like I feel like they're kind of like it's kind of the same I think video game playing and reading and other forms of entertainment like it's all it is stimulating even if you don't think it is like you're learning a story, you're learning skills like it doesn't really matter. You are using your brain when you play video games you can imagine things you can get sucked into that world. So like if you like that more than reading, I don't think there's anything wrong with that and sometimes people just haven't found like what they enjoy to read or like there could be pressure to like, you know, like if you you have to read the classics or whatever, but like, if you're not into that then you don't have to read them. And if you prefer your entertainment to be video games or movies or television, like whatever, you do your thing. Like it's all good.
Yeah, I was like, like I've always been into reading, but I've definitely met people like, especially when I was in college who like, they're almost like reading snobs where it's like, oh well if you're not reading like highbrow literature or you haven't read all the classics then like, oh, you're not really a reader and it's like, no, like if you read like that's great, like it shouldn't be a competition. Like it's just another form of entertainment or learning like, you know, you can't really get keep reading, but they try to like some, I mean, some of the classics are just like, not, no, they're not relatable, but it's almost like, I mean, in a way, it is like it's not relatable. They don't deal with issues that we deal with now or they're written in a way that they are not accessible for everyone. Um, So it's like, I don't know, sometimes it seems like a waste of time if it's not training to you or you know, if it takes three hours to read, just like two chapters that might not be worth it when you could read, you know, something else that's more entertaining, more relevant to today. Um, I'm like easier to comprehend.
Yeah. Oh my gosh. There's, there's gatekeeping and everything. I would see them on Tiktok were like anyone who's like into Star Wars, like it seems like any, any fandom or I mean really, anything, you could probably keep anything cars or you know, whatever. But I saw someone who was like into Star Wars and they were talking about how like, oh, it's so wrong that everyone is calling the child, which is like Baby Yoda in the Mandalorian. They're like, well, that's wrong because it happens after Iota has died. And I was like, okay, people are just calling it that because it looks easy because no one wants to call it the child. And then they were talking about like, oh, it's the Star Wars community is like so toxic. They get keep everything. And I was like, what? I didn't know that was a big, but like, I guess it is okay.
I think it's like, okay.
Right. And I feel like with, with some of the fandoms, like there's just there's almost too much like if you were like oh I'm really into marvel and then someone were to be like oh have you read all the comics? Oh but have you like watched every movie in every T. V. Show and every cartoon it's like there's so much to take in. Like they're like the marvel. Cinematic universe is so big. Like how could I be an expert on everything? Like how could I how could I know every single comic in every single backstory and I don't know if they
all
Oh you like Spiderman? Alright what's all of peter parker's what's his whole family lineage like where did he come from? Give this whole family tree and it's like what? I don't know. Okay. Yeah.
Yeah do you have anything that you're like super into like a yeah Star Wars or marvel or anything like that?
What kind of, what kind of animal do you watch? I've never, I don't think I've ever seen an animal before. Right.
I always here, I think the first time I was ever introduced to like what anime actually was was like when I first started college, this guy knew he watched a lot of anime and he always told me to watch Cowboy bebop. But I never did. Um, I feel like the closest closest thing I've ever watched an anime was poking was Pokemon and I only watch that like a couple of years ago. So I don't really think that, I don't know if that is like real anime or if that's like
Room like
it.
here.
So like what, what makes an animate different from like another like animated show. Like I know there are some like stylistic differences. But like do the storylines, are they different? Are they like, is it more true to like live action or not live action to like a sitcom or like a show versus like a cartoon network kind of like kids focused show.
dr Finn Cars. Okay.
Pretty fun
going
into
the net.
Yeah.
you could make an anime about like anything. Like it could be anything.
And it's an enemy about, it's like informational. Like it's not fictional. It's informational but it's an anime style.
I will have to like, I will have to look that up. Like maybe that will, maybe that'll get me into the anime world. Like you can find an anime about weightlifting or something. Mm
Yeah, it was nice to me, too. I good luck with college.
And I hope, I hope you can at least enjoy the rest of the year. I hope this kind of goes away so you can get back to Canada and a normal college experience.
Thank
you.
Yeah, it's good. It's good.