the end of All right.
I was just talking to from one of my friends. How are you?
No, I think this is my 3rd 1. Yes.
I mean
otherwise
This would have been like I don't know, 50 or 61, but
some people
don't show up. And so Yeah, this is my 3rd 1 technically. What about you?
Yeah. Thank you. Thank you to uh
my name is jay.
to meet you. Right?
No, it's fine. I'm currently in Alabama. What
about
you
up now? I see, I was still better than.
Okay. Okay. I've never been to michigan. Uh huh. How's the weather then?
And
these months like august september I feel like the worst. There's a lot of humility and it's super hard. Yeah, it's just frustratingly hard.
Yeah, it's brutal. It's it's terrible.
I mean in a way it helps that don't have to go out a lot because of the pandemic. But inside the house I think that he gets to you. Uh huh.
So do you call a lot like during
these times you know something
Uh No just like once or twice. So even though like I mean I can work from home I believe so yeah I think over the past five
months or so there have been one or two days that I was like okay I need this, it's at my workplace and I have to pick it up so if I'm going on my results it an hour or two and then again my work place is deserted so no one is there. Uh So I go and I'll be the only one so that way it's incredibly good. But I've been able to go out, we have certain um hiking trails around this area
I've been able to do or go out there and that's a at least not now. Not this month,
for sure, but the last
month
and before that the weather was much pleasanter at this time.
like initially end of March
or early
april
I was like finally I can just sit in my pajamas ole feel very about dressing up and everything, but I think
may was also fun, but in june
I was like okay now I'm getting bored because I live alone. Like I live by myself, so I was like okay now I need to go out and I'm going to go crazy inside this photo also.
Yeah, from me,
I think the experience was it wasn't that I was more effective as a worker, but just I had a lot of time because one you save time on dressing up every morning, you third time on going to that place. Then even for example,
like I used to carry my own lunch. So you know packing a lunch when you're there,
you have to go down to eat the lunch and sit eat and come back
to wash all those
pencils and the boxes, everything. It would take a lot of time even for a lot of meetings used to happen um and my workplace is spread across certain buildings, so if the meeting is happening in another building, it's not like a you don't drive, but it's still like a 5 10 minutes war. And then you can't just, you know, just click a button and
be there so you have to do time for like five minutes extra just in case you get stuck somewhere. So I think all of that time gets saved up overall and it was helpful that way. And also I think initially it ever it was just, I was like okay now since everyone can be on every meeting because it's virtual. Uh everyone used to get invited and they're like, oh god, this is like I have more meetings than I had before. But as a diamond by the people realize that everyone doesn't need to be there on every meeting, uh they're just sitting through so and then it was like okay, they stop, they were like okay, now it's you know, we don't want to kick you out because that would be offensive. So we're just going to be like, you can come if you like to and then slowly
when people start showing up, they stopped sending
out those emails as well. So now it's uh all those meetings
are also on fortunately.
Yeah, I think I'm much lower on the,
you know, management scale or so I was like, okay, send send me the invites, whatever you need me if you need me. And so initially it was like everything, everyone was there and of course you we don't have much inputs were saying like you know, they would be discussing on plans for whatever. I'm like I just need a computer I have at my place, doesn't matter if you make me work from home or from office, so I guess I don't have much inputs. Uh
So
but
there's
fun
experience.
Sorry?
so I'm I I
have netflix, prime and hulu access to these. So um recently I started watching dark
on netflix
but
I
I watched like the first episode, I think I watched the first three episodes but I did not
enjoy it thoroughly and now I'm debating
whether I should continue watching it because I started watching because everyone was like you have to watch it, you have
to watch it, and
I was like, okay,
okay, what about you?
No, no.
Yeah, so I think uh like, you know when initially I was at home and I found more time with myself, I saturated myself with online, like, you know, content and so now, except of course now I'm much better at managing that. And uh the work has also ramped up slowly, they figured out how to make every will do everything from home, so, but
then at some point I was like, I would put something up
that I've seen already and I would be doing other stuff, not pay attention to it really is going on in the background, but I wouldn't pay a lot of attention to it, so.
That is interesting. I think, I think I went back to like audiobooks for that before.
It used
to be like, I would, I would listen to sci fi or something that in which you, you don't really, I mean you have to get a gesture of the story unless you really love the story and you want to get each and every plot point etcetera, so it's okay,
you can be listening to that while doing whatever. Uh but
so but now I've gone back to more serious audiobooks
uh that are like nonfictional and especially with protests
in
Usa so some of the audible
suggestions there about Black Lives Matter kind of contained. So yeah, I've gone back to listening to those which I felt was a good change compared to watching online movies and things like that.
I mean
I
saturated, I was like okay, I've watched enough like I don't feel like watching anymore. Uh huh
Do you watch like movies and all with your family or you
all
now?
Two?
Yeah
that, that is interesting. That is interesting. I also
so three years now. Um three years this last month, three years and a couple of weeks actually I've
been
here.
Uh Not yet but I have heard about it. Uh Not yet. Uh huh.
Okay. Yeah, I was checked that out, I've heard about it but I've been like I didn't have that idea of it, so I was like okay, maybe something. Um but yeah, that's
interesting.
So have you traveled a
lot
like
inside the States, outside the States?
Yeah, so I'm originally from India, so of course I've traveled a lot of India but I've been to um Hong
kong china and then in europe have been to France I guess. Yeah, that's that's the only one I would have passed through some of the other cities but
have not been dying
there.
that I've been throughout the states like a couple of places,
so
I'm from the west Coast because I don't know if you've heard of Mumbai, yeah,
so I'm from.
this is just correct, all travel plans. I had plans to go
to Australia for like kind of giving slash with miss teen uh but yeah, by the time it was time to book tickets, I was like in March, when things are down as they go into three weeks, they'll figure something out, I'll have enough time, you know? Still in May june I can book tickets for november should be fine and no things didn't get better at all, so
same here, I mean it's not like I'm stressed to work wise, but it's just been in one place for so long that now I'm like I need to get out. Um Yeah, and I think more also it's like, you know spending time with other people, not virtually for physically as a
this is a good way to meet people from across all over
the place. And so when I
found out that like, oh these guys are paying for paying
to Doctor
Strange,
is that
this?
and I think it's like also the scare um is
more also like, you know what if especially when it's not a law required for people to wear masks
to
some places and someone's not wearing. You think me going out has always induced more anxiety and I see
people walking
around
without it and like shit now I have to be careful uh this that and I think that that adds up and so yeah, I like the idea I might actually do that. Just drive,
not anywhere. We just drive back.
What?
I yeah, those are some tough conversations. I unfortunate to not encounter
any of those years. All right, fingers crossed for the future. Um
especially with young kids, it's really
hard for them to be like discipline
about, you know, did I touch something? What hands it off? Especially if they have been fun or
playing and enjoying When there's not seen their
friends for like six months
or whatever. It's
really hard to discipline them.
So
just
one.
And
basically
It
does.
It
is a
Yeah. But I think like it wouldn't get really bad. I mean not that it could get any worse than right now. It is like so many people dying. But
fortunately I feel this this virus is not that lately. And hopefully we will have a vaccine soon enough and
you'll be able to get out of
the whole night man.
Yes. There are some like strategic plans to start everything and for now we are at home and I think particularly my work was
always a lot to do with the computer like you know stuff on the computer. So it's not affected me a lot. Like maybe like 5% I could have done better if I was there in person. But other than that my work is very well on the computer and then they're like yeah if you can do it online we don't need you to come in because there are other people who need to come in so sure I feel safe in any which way is that way, so yeah.
measures,
but
it's quite a unique. Oh yeah, that is,
yeah, that's funny.
No,
it is, it is because anyone, like if they don't send kids back to school and be like, okay, we're losing productivity and learning and if you do send kids back to school, they're like, okay, now you you're going
to
kill
people.
there's
not
Singers roberts all who it looks like our time's up.
didn't
Singers cries thank you, nice meeting Iran