Mhm. You know one?
just the first time you've done one of these?
Okay, this is I think
this is my
good one.
Thank
you.
I think this is also my third one and I've had the same thing, I've had several people haven't shown up, but the third one or someone actually showed up, so thank you for showing up, it's a lot more possible when somebody actually shows up.
So what is your name?
Okay, my name is Ryan, so nice to meet you. Um
Okay, where are you from, if you don't mind me asking
I'm
interested
Michigan?
quite a few times though, so I'm familiar, familiar with the area.
nice summers in Michigan are fantastic, they're
really winters are cold but the summers are are really nice, so yeah, a little bit warm this week, but not too bad. So imagine down there Alabama, summertime gets a little little warm as I recall. Mhm.
Yeah, when I've gone down there, it's been uh like a company I work for uh manufacturing facilities down there, so when I've gone down there, it's been for like product introduction runs come out on the plant, out on the plant floor with no air conditioning and it's just brutal.
Good luck.
for sure, interesting.
No,
you know, honestly we stayed pretty really really uh adhered to the stay at home stuff, so it's uh you know as far as I've got a family, so I got a couple of kids and my wife and they, you know, they've gone out a few times to the store and that's about it, I go out and do most of shopping and unfortunately um I've my employer and I have a different opinion on whether or not I'm an essential worker. Uh they may come to the office every day, but realistically, I don't think it's essential, you know, how about you, have you been able to hear to it or if you had to head the venture out?
Acting
boss.
differently
in their
money.
Yeah. It's nice just to recharge a little bit to get out. Like that was helpful.
and
kind
of
Check
and
Yes, exactly. No, I hear you on that front. It's uh, interesting though, uh, I don't know about how for your work, for my work. I actually felt when I was working at home that I was more effective than in the office because everybody was at home and I felt like I was, it was so easy to get a hold of people when you're in the office, people are walking around and stuff and you can always find people it was like everybody was instantly reachable. I just felt like we were way more efficient. It was really eye opening for me. Okay.
If
it
or
and
think
Think
Thanks.
It
maybe
nice. I'm the guy my job is more setting up the meetings and trying to coordinate that stuff so I just kicking people out for that reason because if it did get to a point where I was calling them, tourists were people who didn't have enough to do at home. We're just showing up the meetings just because they could I don't need any tourists. You gotta get out of here.
Thanks.
I
get it. Well
but
that's the
important
stuff. Let's get to the important stuff
now. What have you been watching on tv to keep yourself entertained? Yeah
I
people
and
I've heard
good things you like it.
Thanks
of
Think
speak
were you thinking? Yeah.
I heard the same thing about dark and I just haven't pushed the button on it yet so I it's weird for me uh I've gone back to movies, I just been binging a lot of movies and going back and watching rewatching a lot of stuff. So it's uh and then Mad Men, did you ever watch the show Mad Men?
Yeah that's one of my favorites and I've gone back and watched watch that. But it's funny I I'm running the same thing where when I start something new I just can't quite bring myself up to it. It's like I'm going back to comfort food by watching old movies.
Think
incredible.
the same sort of thing is just like it's like a comfort, it's uh something, you know, I've found myself doing the same thing, it's it's interesting but yeah I I've uh I've also uh the Muslims a lot of music and that's something that I like music and it's but I create, it's usually my car, you know when I'm in the car I listen to music and I don't typically do it elsewhere, but it's funny there's so much more time now where I'm by myself similar to what you're saying and that's kind of been something that I started leaning on a little bit was just listening to more music, so. Yeah.
Thank
you.
Think.
okay.
Think.
Thank
you.
People
yeah it's just definitely feeding your brain more important information. You're
saying
that balance.
yeah you know it's interesting, I like it but I think I'm more, I read a lot of news and then watch and read up on all the protests and everything and I think I've sometimes there's just so much building up that that I just need to escape and do something dumb. There's just a lot a lot a lot of stress with work and and uh and just the general disarray of our our country at the moment.
yeah that's actually kind of fun. What I've been doing is bringing my kids along with me on the ride and you know getting to watch them, see things that I've you know seen over the years, which is it's kind of fun. It it needs to introduce them to new concepts, particularly with, you know, uh you know, a lot of the stuff going on in the news, you can you can find movies that kind of help them understand a little bit about what's
going on and
uh maybe help form form, how they're viewing what's happening. Yeah, that's
it's overwhelming for kids to understand. Oh,
what?
well I gotta ask, how long have you lived in Alabama?
Have
you
made it to the unclaimed luggage store yet?
I I went to it once. Uh it's a fascinating place. It's worth the trip. It's just like the largest catacombs, flash used clothing store, but any type of knife or ipod or unique, just jewelry, is it? Mhm. It is a fun trip if you're ever like driving fast, it it's totally worth stopping because it's an interesting place.
It's
a funny, it's a roadside oddity, you know, it's just like uh seeing any of those odd odd things will be drive through rural America, that shit that you run fast. It's one of those things that's unique, something only northern Alabama has. Oh, oh
thank
you, thank
you.
Um Yeah, maybe a little bit inside the States. I traveled quite a bit outside the States um into like England and Italy and europe and Singapore, Singapore, Thailand, japan and china a few times. So a little bit about how about you, have you traveled much?
effect
that
you
cut myself.
Yeah, I would love
to go to branch someday and that's on my list. I just haven't haven't made it there yet unfortunately. Uh from a from a travel standpoint have mostly been for work. So you know Italy was something I did with my family but you know the rest of the overseas travel is often work stuff so still interesting, still fun. You still get that. You know what I'm uh soon as I get somewhere I just I don't I don't hardly sleep, I just want to see everything you know I'm taking you off. You only you only had a place for a week, you just try and take it as much as you possibly can so it's exhausting. That's fun. So what part what part of him here and you originally from?
I
friend friends that I worked with it was from Bangalore. Uh Right so uh yeah so I think uh still still is a good friend of mine who lives in pennsylvania enough I don't see him very often anymore but I know a little bit, little bit about India but not, not a fun. I would love to go there as well. Some days has not been in the cars yet. Uh huh
And
I just saw on the news today they're basically saying that uh you shouldn't book anything um for the holidays at all this year because they don't think any of it's going to be able to happen. Them been a long year. I would love to get somewhere.
probably
Hi
thank you.
this
year
we gotta
yet. Yeah exactly even better yet. But uh no, I agree with you. I
was just saying to one of my co workers today, but I feel like taking a vacation day and just driving, Just drive. You know when I get when I get 10 hours away from the house turn around and come back I just just need to do something you know I'm not I don't think I'm ready to stay in a hotel or do anything like that and still a little too freaked out. But I would love to just see a different part of the world for a minute. Oh but
there.
I
mean
Why?
And
then,
Lord.
Well if you've never seen west
texas just go drive to west texas texas and back. Why not? But you know it's interesting you say that because the hard part is when you end up having to go back in the office. So I've been back back to the office for about a month now And we're at probably 20% capacity so it's most of the time there's nobody anywhere near me. I've got a private office, so it's fine. But there's a handful of people who aren't taking it seriously and they come walking into your office with their mash hanging down here. And it creates uncomfortable situations where you have to say you have to put your mask down, you have to step back and get out of my office, you're too close. And uh um it's interesting because people are not, everybody reacts well to somebody being that direct. So I had to really kind of think about saying, you know, hey, I don't care what you believe and I don't want to change what you believe, but I need you to respect what I believe. I need you to step back. But it's hard.
It's
Yeah. Yeah. I'm hoping that we're all back in the office by the end of the year because because there's a vaccine or something. But uh, you know, it's just a matter of time before they start forcing everybody to go back. I think as soon as well as soon as the kids have to go back to, my kids have to go back to school here in two weeks and um they're, they're making it now to where half the kids go on monday Wednesday, other half court Tuesday, thursday they alternate Fridays. But even with that the likelihood that there isn't going to be an outbreak is about and it's pretty low. I mean it's going to happen
invest
officer
talking
come
who
faro.
And
and the other thing that I haven't had to face yet at work is you
know,
we've got enough space between everybody
if you
don't have to wear the mask all day. But the kids when they go to school, they have to wear it all day long and it gets hot and it gets swampy for lack of a better term. You know, it gets really, it's all it's
not
fun.
Yeah, when I, when I have
meeting that's more than about an hour long, nasty to keep wearing that thing. So I I just, I'm concerned about it. But what are you gonna do? I mean, you know, we're too divided in the country to take a real hard stance on at the moment and I'm afraid we're all going to have to learn that the hard way which I don't want to die, I don't know about you, but I'd prefer not to.
Walk.
See that
time.
Yeah, I sure hope so too. But you know, it's good. At least your your employer is taking it seriously enough and found a way to keep you guys all at home. Um
Thanks.
Unfortunately. Uh I work in the office furniture industry so you know, we don't like people working from home because then we're not going on the furniture. So it's interesting, there's a big push at where I work, not because we actually need to be back at work for any reason because we're proving to ourselves that that's basically we're obsolete,
we aren't needed, but we we got we got we all have to show up for work now, we're trying to get at least, you know, manager level people back to work because we're trying to prove to our customers how important it is that you be in the office. Oh, which is the incredibly awkward position to be in for me because I'm like the last place I want to be back in the office, but I also want to get paid So I get what you're saying, I would like
the company to not go under. Oh
yeah, that's far.
Yeah, it has been because I totally understand why they're pushing me to go back because we have two people go back to work or we're not going to sell anything. But my God, awkward awkward Has 22 for me. The
big thing, like I said, you know, just the kids going back to school. I just I feel at that point that's when the the levy is going to break the last lack of a a better analogy. I just think that we're going to see something's going to have to happen. I'm going to go back into lockdown again. Who knows with it being an election year and everything, this is so political, with it being an election year, it's going to be, there's, I feel for any decision maker at this point, but I don't feel like any decision, any decision maker is going to be, there's always going to be wrong inevitably and second guess and questioned and you know, it's, it's a tough spot spot for sure.
You've
been
dangerous,
endangered every kid and yeah, there's no, there's no wind. Just
like
you said, Yeah, if they don't send them back and kids don't get sick, like every time any time you've heard everybody saying it on the news and I think it's true. You know, effective risk management always looked like over, over like you overdid it in hindsight. You know, it always looks like you overreacted because because you prevented it from happening so I can't win. You can't win. It's going to be a, it's gonna be a tough one, which you're
We hit 24. Oh, excellent, Well good.
You know, it was very nice meeting you. I I hope you enjoy west texas. I encourage you to do it. We should get our enroll.
Nice meeting you the other by.