SPEAKER_L: great information. Yeah. Yeah prepare Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Trouble Yeah mm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Oh right mm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Okay mm. It yeah with, yeah you, yeah. Okay good. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Hi.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. All right. All right. Do we need to wait until 9 45 to start or?
SPEAKER_L: I don't think so. I think we just have to make sure we talked for 25 minutes
SPEAKER_R: Okay. We just talk about like anything. It's like
SPEAKER_L: I think so I think they said something about like having a list of questions but I didn't see anything. Mhm. Is it morning or night for you?
SPEAKER_R: It's morning. I just woke up it's 9 45 for me. How about you?
SPEAKER_L: Well I wasn't sure if they were going to match the same time zone or what so yeah I just got up too so.
SPEAKER_R: Are you
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: central time as well or?
SPEAKER_L: yeah central time.
SPEAKER_R: Nice to go. So that's my alarm case. I didn't wake up.
SPEAKER_L: No you're good. I usually I expected to have to set an alarm because I was up super late last night but on
SPEAKER_R: Hold you stay home.
SPEAKER_L: I was up to like to my son's at his grandparents house last night so I was just been watching bullshit on T. V.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, nice. Nice. What are you watching?
SPEAKER_L: Actually I watched the new amazon upload.
SPEAKER_R: What's that?
SPEAKER_L: Um It's kind of a like comedy drama thing like you have a digital afterlife and then there's a whole like murder mystery plot and stuff so it was pretty good. I kind of got sucked in. I was like sorting through we just moved so I was kind of using the time to open boxes and sort through stuff so
SPEAKER_R: Not as nice.
SPEAKER_L: a good way to kill several hours.
SPEAKER_R: We went past the time. It's like once you watched one episode just keeps going on her.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that one definitely did. I guess there's only 10 episodes because I finished it up about two and I was like yes I should actually go to sleep like a normal human being.
SPEAKER_R: I feel that I feel a minute. Um But yeah, are you in texas or you said your central time
SPEAKER_L: Yeah central time nope Illinois. Are you in texas?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm in texas. I was wondering I was wondering if they like master people like with the same city or something. Like be interesting.
SPEAKER_L: Are you in austin?
SPEAKER_R: Actually. I go to school and awesome. But I'm actually telling us so yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Got it.
SPEAKER_R: Your school in the U. T.
SPEAKER_L: I have a lot of family in Austin which is why I asked where is there in january actually?
SPEAKER_R: And everybody.
SPEAKER_L: Uh Well I mean they're all older now but yeah my cousin went to ut actually,
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: no, he went to A and M I think, I don't remember.
SPEAKER_R: no he's that.
SPEAKER_L: there's nothing here. Are you enjoying your tea?
SPEAKER_R: Uh Yeah I love it. I really love it. Um It's it's such like a fun town you know like when I first came in I was like I was kind of intimidating because I'm from the suburbs. Kind of never really like a big city but within the first week I was like man this place is just is so much so full of energy. So full of life. You know I'm really going to love that kind of atmosphere. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, my husband and I spent a lot of time talking about like if we had to live anywhere else we would definitely live in Austin because I love that city, but we're kind of spoiled right now because we've got one set of grandparents one mile this way and one set one mile that way, so it makes life easier.
SPEAKER_R: Perfect when your family is so close you know? Yeah I mean I'm basically like the opposite. Like my grandparents are like all the way in Malaysia which is like halfway across the world. So very good to see him. So that's nice. You can see on a regular basis. Yeah. Well
SPEAKER_L: Okay,
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Are you what you've been up to during a quarantine?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Well we moved which is terrible. Don't ever move during a global pandemic because all your friends who definitely would help you can't, so that's not a lot. Um so but it's been nice because we moved to a place that has a it's a much bigger house and we have a huge yard now, so my poor, extremely extroverted almost eight year old who would normally be doing a million different things, at least kind of running circles in the yard. Um So that's kind of kept things busy for me. My husband's working from home, I've
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: actually always worked from home, but I'm a freelancer and a lot of my stuff is kind of dried up, so
SPEAKER_R: one
SPEAKER_L: let's
SPEAKER_R: last
SPEAKER_L: bring it down.
SPEAKER_R: last what? So you've been using a prolific too for a while then, or?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think so. It seems like it's kind of ramped up more recently. Uh Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: raising stuff together?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, but normally I'm a freelance writer.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, nice, nice. So what do you publish or what do you write in?
SPEAKER_L: Uh do copyrighting. So marketing websites for Sures, flyers, sales pages, those kinds of things,
SPEAKER_R: No, I'm niceness.
SPEAKER_L: What are you going to school for?
SPEAKER_R: Uh Oh my goodness. Before biology actually, I was gonna do, you know, pre med as a lot would say like go be a doctor or something, but one day I just sat down, I was like, well, you know what, I really wanted life and uh I was between like pharmacy, dentistry and medicine and I was like, you know, I think that it is like the best thing for me, you know?
SPEAKER_L: that's awesome. That's good that you were able to kind of sit down and think that through.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, because like for the longest time I was like I'll just I'll just do this and figure my way, you know? But I realize that a point in life you gotta you gotta kind of like sit down to yourself. No, I got to actually do something, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Well it's always interesting. My husband actually started out thinking about going to pharmacy school. Um
SPEAKER_R: One?
SPEAKER_L: And then now you know whatever 15 years later now he's in banking and risk management and stuff like that so it's you know there's a lot of different paths.
SPEAKER_R: See that's the thing, it's like, yeah, a lot of people like have an initial goal, but then like you never know where life will take you honestly.
SPEAKER_L: That is very very true. Yeah. Um So you quarantined alone or you have roommates?
SPEAKER_R: Um So my my mom is a I came back home from often, so the funny thing was like uh I mean you of course know whenever there's like a break or something like you're super super excited to come back home. And then they told us that like literally the day before we came back home they said oh we're standing spring break for another week. So we're like, oh my gosh, that's awesome. And so I only for like five days or whatever and then I ever went back to Austin for like the past 56 weeks. So I only have like stuff enough for your like six. So yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's rough.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, it was pretty rough. So I need to go back to see it and grab some stuff.
SPEAKER_L: I heard some like crazy stuff with people the same thing, a lot of people are kind of like on Spring break and had left stuff you know in their dorms. Um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: There's one girl I know who had left like her glasses that she didn't need all the time, but mostly me that I think she had like taken her contacts but only had enough of them. It was I mean it was rough.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. That was suck. Yeah, I'm really glad I brought back some contacts, especially my glasses because I was like, do I need it? Like, Yeah. Yeah, I just really just in case because you never know, right? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I just. Yes,
SPEAKER_R: I would have been doing, I can't I can't drive back to Austin. You have no contacts or glasses. That'd be rough. So
SPEAKER_L: You know just stick your arm out and kind of feel around and hope for the best.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, what would you like to do? What are your hobbies and stuff?
SPEAKER_L: Um I mean mostly chasing a kid around. Um I'm a big, big reader. I really enjoy video games, but these days I think I enjoy buying them on steam more than playing them because
SPEAKER_R: Oh well, Good bye.
SPEAKER_L: um I don't, I literally have my steam open right now, I'm like trying to get more into, I just had humble and they'll just have that board game bundle. So I was trying that out, but I don't know, I like a lot of like platformers, puzzle game strategy, um some RPGS, just defending, so
SPEAKER_R: I learned
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: that you just said that I literally just got steam because I want to play CS go with my friend. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: we've been playing a lot of, do you know what, you don't know, Jack is?
SPEAKER_R: Jack. Which I've heard. I feel like I've heard
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: Jack.
SPEAKER_L: kind of like the quiz show, trivia game. It's actually been around, I was like looking at it because it came out like 1995 so it's like I've been playing this game for 25 years um because it used to be, it was like one of
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: the early like computer trivia games and it's been a million different things. Even have an app fraud on row field, but anyway, so they make a bunch of different party games um that you can play and the nice thing is only what you need to own them. What's that?
SPEAKER_R: You mean Jack Box? Oh you know
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: I love
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: that yet,
SPEAKER_L: the first one like 25 years ago. So anyway, so we've got a bunch of the Jack box games, so we've been doing a lot of like zoom game nights with friends who we would normally have like, you know, an actual in person game night and then you know like 10 kids running around. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That I absolutely love Jack Box. There's so many, I forgot what it's what do you have the one that you know where you you draw something then you have to auction it off and people a bit that's so much fun.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well it's nice because some of them are very much adult games, we play a lot of, you know, quick flash and stuff like that can get together and play. Like they love to play, drop all the drawing ones or there's actually one, there's a bomb disposal corp one that was yes and it is hilarious to watch like a bunch of like five and eight year olds trying to figure out how to like, you know, some of we're all trying to help them read and like figure out what to do and so that was a lot of fun. They're really good at it actually and so they were you know, they were pretty excited. Um
SPEAKER_R: Do you play have you played a Catan settlers of Catan before?
SPEAKER_L: um I am familiar with it but I have not ever actually played it because I'm super cheap and every time I've looked at him like I just can't spend that because I don't know, I need to find someone who already owns it.
SPEAKER_R: maybe um They have the online version so you can play the three people I think for free. But you should check it out. It's pretty fun. It's a very highly addicting board game if you're if you like those
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: because it's like it's a lot of strategy. There's so many basically win. So I think you really like it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well one of the things that's funny, like I said, I've got a lot of family in Austin, I've got family in Virginia, my brother lives in Denver um and so it's like I've got family all over and like obviously we've all known, I've used to zoom for work before for years and like we all know about all that stuff for some reason, like until the lockdown, that never occurred to us that like we could just be having game nights over zoom on the regular anyway. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Wait, zoom has been around for a long time. I thought was just recent because I've only heard about recently.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, well, I mean it definitely took off, but no, I've had legs that have worked from home for like 13 years for different companies, so you know, varsity tutors is so
SPEAKER_R: have.
SPEAKER_L: when they were like tiny, so I used to work for them when I was like the 80th person hired at the company or whatever. Um But my friend was like kind of got me and was like the 35th person I heard or whatever but
SPEAKER_R: That's great. That's really early on then.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah no it was super but so it's always been pretty much all remote. Um Although now like now they have offices and stuff everywhere. Um Yeah we used to use them for, we started out on Skype and then we switched over to using zoom for all of our like team meetings because you know our um team would be kind of spread all over the world so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. We just um I just had a meeting with people and I realized how much better zoom was the Sky because like Skype and so
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: much everything. I was like, wow, how did not discover this before? You know, for all these years you? Re using Skype was like, man is so bad.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah no Zuma's is so much easier, although I think like I don't know, I think Microsoft is really trying hard to rebrand everything, they've got teams and whatever their new um I don't
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: remember what their new internet Explorer is going to be now. Um I just saw a commercial the other day, I was like holy crap, their marketing team is working hard.
SPEAKER_R: You can tell they're really trying to really trying to catch up and jump on the bandwagon.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, well I think that's the problem is like, I think they had gotten lazy because Skype had been basically all like they had a huge market share was all everyone knew and
SPEAKER_R: Whoa.
SPEAKER_L: then there are a lot of these like kind of upstarts, like I said I've been working remotely for a long time, so like webex go to meeting, you know, a lot of those things were kind of around, but it never like gotten there and
SPEAKER_R: One.
SPEAKER_L: then zoom really started to take off and then of course the pandemic like made them completely dominant.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't literally in the blink of an eye, like everything changed. Like did you hear the zoom stock people start investing in the wrong zoom stock?
SPEAKER_L: No, I didn't hear that.
SPEAKER_R: Because there's two once. It's like Z. O. M. Was the original one for the video sharing company. But investing in like Zio M. Which is like this random like I think pharmaceutical company or something they like skyrocketed. And then when someone realized oh this is Rachael feet every like pulled out in a price collapse. So we yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's just is insane.
SPEAKER_R: Mm Yeah. So where you, wait, you said you like playing a lot of big games and everything. So
SPEAKER_L: about you?
SPEAKER_R: yeah I am. I actually love, I let you love a lot of nature. You guys must, do you ever go like hiking or anything in Illinois's and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we actually um for years and years we used to go to the great Smoky Mountains, that was kind of like our trip. Actually today my husband and I've been together 16 years, and so
SPEAKER_R: grants?
SPEAKER_L: the first like 10 years or so I took him there for our very first anniversary, to like a cabin that a friend told me about in the smokies, and so we just kind of fell in love and we've gone almost every year. Um But yeah, there's some, we like my son's just now kind of getting to the point where hiking is a thing that we can actually do without having to carry him everywhere, so I'm pretty excited about that,
SPEAKER_R: Hi it's nice. Well actually I love hiking to and what's kind of cool is I'm sure you heard you can do this. But one of the best hobbies is fossil hunting.
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: Like I go to like creeks and like mountains and rivers and you basically you basically hike around like you do in the middle of the wilderness, you know, off the uh, but you can find like all sorts of stuff like their shells or a shark's teeth. There's there's bones I've even found like a partial dinosaur in texas.
SPEAKER_L: What's your favorite find?
SPEAKER_R: Um There's there's a lot. So the parts of dinosaur is pretty cool. Like really walking along creek bed. And it's exciting because like you find one burger brain, you find another when you find out when you find one you see the whole entire animal coming out of the side of the creep.
SPEAKER_L: That's amazing.
SPEAKER_R: But there's also I found I have one right here actually. Um I found this one recently and it might be a new species that I get named after me actually. So this is a fossil sea urchin and it's a one of two or three that's ever been found. So I might have that name after my last name. If I can find someone to publish that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's incredible. No, we love uh I'm a big natural history buff as well actually, my uh my son for Mother's Day two years ago got me a trial bite, which I mean to be there, he got it at like a flea market, but still like, you know
SPEAKER_R: that's awesome. No, no. Yeah. Tripadvisor need, those are one of my very first fossils to yeah, go ahead and get a good
SPEAKER_L: Oh I was, because I remember when I first figured out that it wasn't trilobite because I read a lot as a kid but didn't like ever hear things pronounced that loud and
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: then when I don't remember what I was reading something, it was like trilobite named because it has three lobes and I was like, oh shit, I'm glad I never said that out loud.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Well, I don't mean like some of the names get really, really, really blackie, especially in scientific names, like, like belt them out all the time. Just like, I just like ticket slowly like a little chunk tina. Okay,
SPEAKER_L: I was always, when I was a kid, like because I was a big nerd, big reader um but I was always like man just say it confidently because no one else in this room knows how it's pronounced, so just go for it, if you can say it fast and confident, no one's gonna question, they're just going to assume that you know what you're talking about?
SPEAKER_R: Take it till you make it right. Uh Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: if you ever, I feel like there's a lot of places, there probably a lot of places in Illinois is probably defined trailer bikes too. Oh
SPEAKER_L: there's a lot of neat places to explore now if hopefully the weather starts getting good, you know, I'm excited to kind of start getting back out.
SPEAKER_R: So are you all under like a mandatory lockdown or can you all go kind of kind of freely or?
SPEAKER_L: Um No we're pretty pretty locked down. Um We're I'm in southern Illinois closer to ST louis so it's a little more rural and people are a little more uh a little less compliant, you know and then you might hope um But you know I'm my my family and you might well some of my family and my friends are taking it pretty seriously
SPEAKER_R: people
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: get it again.
SPEAKER_L: um yeah so I know like I said I don't know how it is overall in texas and my grandma is you know in her late eighties and so like my family is pretty locked down as well.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, that's that's my biggest concern is like, especially in the very beginning, it's like I'm not worried about me, I'm worried about like the older people, like older people, my family if they catch it and I'm scared for them, you know? Yeah. So I mean um I don't know if you heard but some students from U. T. From like a sorority or whatever, I will to uh Mexico I think doing screen break even though they're told not to. And like 55 of them came back and had coronavirus.
SPEAKER_L: jesus good times.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Like, and then people like, are you kidding me? Like out of that group, like majority of them got coronavirus and they brought it back to Austin.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. It's just crazy stuff that I was just reading because I um felt like the Denver subreddit and stuff like that. Like I said, my brother lives there and I just like to kind of you know, kind of keep up in the news so I can like poke at him. But yeah, there was something, it was like the sheriff, one of the parks was like a specific part of it like was gated off and locked down and everything and people were driving up there and literally like throwing the signs off the road so that they could go up there. So the sheriff had to write three tickets in a row for people.
SPEAKER_R: Canyon
SPEAKER_L: Like literally like he ticketed someone, you know arrested them or whatever and then like turned around to leave and someone else had like the signs that he had just put back up, someone else had done it and it was just like come on,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: you know?
SPEAKER_R: mean, I like people are saying like if you just stay home, like the sooner you stay home and we all just try and get over this, you know, the cooker will be done to this, you know? Well,
SPEAKER_L: it's just like, I don't know I think like it sucks. Yeah, don't get me wrong. But we're still very very very lucky. I mean those of us who haven't, you know like I had a friend recently who's um grandfather died and like it wasn't from Corona, but because of all the lockdowns, like he was in hospice and his wife couldn't get to see him. And then so like the whole family, like no one can have a funeral. Like it just sucks. So like as much as it is annoying you know? I don't know, suck it up, you know? You can.
SPEAKER_R: Well get it over because like I'm scared about like the second wave, you know, like especially when flu season hits and everything like, man. Ah
SPEAKER_L: Well and again it's like you said, I mean like even if you're not worried for yourself, you know I have a friend
SPEAKER_R: No. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: like our kids are friends, so she's a little younger than me, She's only like 30 but she's on like long term chemo and stuff like that. And so I mean any time she has to go anywhere it's like full Hazmat suit. That's the thing like she's got three little kids like you know just king you know keep the grocery stores till. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean it just really surprising. It literally came out of nowhere. I remember when we were, when it first came, everyone's like, oh, oh blow over because when Ebola came, everyone's really scared of it and it came to Dallas. I remember first and everyone's like, oh my God should be so bad. But it kind of blew up and we're like, oh we were just saying how come how bad can it be? Uh huh. Hey, it is pretty bad.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's I mean I remember right before like literally the day before Illinois's shelter in place like my
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: son was taking a ninja class with a bunch of his friends and stuff like that and it was that debate of like do we go to class, do we not go to class? And I felt bad because like like you know the it was still really small to just open. So it's like I've been talking with the owner a bunch because there were days when like they would have open gym, it would just be like my son and her son in there and so I knew how hard she's working. It was like I hate not to go
SPEAKER_R: When
SPEAKER_L: and then everything cancelled and then literally the next day I was like okay not only the houses for a month.
SPEAKER_R: can they, can they still do like zoom classes? You think?
SPEAKER_L: Um They can my son has wild A. D. D. So he just like you know we do uh some zoom chats and stuff like that with his
SPEAKER_R: Month?
SPEAKER_L: friends and it helps like we've always homeschooled since he was you know like his whole life. So we have a like this area has a really really good um like homeschooling culture and um you know in the before times it was like there were a million I mean we had home school archery, home school bullying, home school gymnastics, homeschool ninja
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: classes. We
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: have a co
SPEAKER_R: on
SPEAKER_L: ops,
SPEAKER_R: war.
SPEAKER_L: we have like classes at the zoo. I mean like there was a ton of stuff that we could do, homeschool music classes, art classes, just everything. Um And so like he got just, I mean he was with friends all the time, homeschoolers tend to have a ton of kids, it was like every time like my son is an only child, but like literally if I went somewhere with two friends there will be 10 kids there and they were just kind of having a blast. So it's definitely been a big change for him, like I'm very much an introvert, like I need a lot of time away and he is very very much an extra hurt, so it is challenging. Uh because I'm basically his only source of social time,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, that's definitely, I I see a lot of my friends who are introverts and they're they're very they're they're kind of cute kind of suffering, they wish everything was opened back up. I was like just a little bit more hopefully, fingers crossed, fingers crossed, So passing.
SPEAKER_L: I often wonder because it's like, I think the experiences so different, like, I don't know like what's it like feeling, I guess feeling, do you feel like you're like super productive and you have all this time or?
SPEAKER_R: I wonder if you will. Probably because you're used to like you said your work used to working from home, right? I guess. Yeah, so like for me, I was I'm not the hardest work here, I would say, I'll say that like, you know, it's hard to get me going, sometimes I'll talk to telling my friend about this, I'm sure you're back when you're in school, you know, the first week or two a summer like you feel oh my gosh is great, have so many things to do so much time and after, like those two weeks kind of like kind of slow down and kind of relax, get lazy, you know, just like I'm just gonna sleep, sleep, you know, just kind of rest in bed and that was spring break for me. So basically summer started early and so since then I felt like so lazy yet I still have classes and everything, do you know? So that's
SPEAKER_L: Are you like is the online class thing working well for you or is it hard?
SPEAKER_R: it's all a bit sometimes they don't wake up for lectures, I mean fighters
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: doesn't
SPEAKER_L: how I did that sometimes in college within person
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: club.
SPEAKER_R: right, especially when you're such like a comfortable atmosphere, you know, you're, you're at home, you just wake up like it's okay, I just want to watch it like a year later, you know? Well, it's definitely, definitely very different and they're talking about it being online, next message to you, and I'm like, I don't know what I think about that, you know? Well,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean I'm sure it's that it's very challenging that I worked full time, I went to school full time, so I never really got the like lazy bits. Um Like I know for my husband it was really hard because he's also you know my son takes after him and that like he's a very extroverted person so like he just started working from home, you know when this all kind of shut down. Um
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: And so like we're settling, you know, it's been like, I don't even know like two months now I guess, but so like now we have a routine but at the beginning like he was just like wander out of the office and like just wander around to talk to my son and I like coworkers go away. This is much already. Uh But yeah, so I mean it was definitely an adjustment for everyone I think. Uh
SPEAKER_R: huh
SPEAKER_L: But yeah, and it's weird too because that was my office. So now he's been
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: interesting.
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: I'm just like,
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: that's why I'm like sitting and this is my, you know, dining room table. So
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. Random question. How's your, how's your wifi during this,
SPEAKER_L: shit.
SPEAKER_R: What, what it's like, man, it is so slow for us to now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well and part of the problem to like I said, we moved right at the beginning of this. So like we, you know, we were transferred, we only moved like a mile away. Which thank God because we like literally everything in our three bedroom house other than we had movers for four hours. Other than that every single thing in this house was picked up and carried by me and my husband.
SPEAKER_R: I would have been feel hard. You got to move like a farther distance, you know, during this
SPEAKER_L: Oh my god I don't know how we barely made it as what it was insane. But so since you know we had to move we'd like to move our modem over and everything and it was a complete complete clusterfuck. We had to have the internet company out like three separate times. Um They had ended up having to like lay a new cable in the new house and so it was like and then um at one point while we're moving, so we didn't have internet at the old house, we didn't have internet at the new house, we're just kind of using you know our phones and everything um A like an A. T. And T. Truck hit a pole or something and knocked out 75 cell phone towers. So for like a day and a half we not only didn't have internet anyway, we couldn't even text, we couldn't call, we couldn't do anything. So
SPEAKER_R: team trade,
SPEAKER_L: we had to
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: play.
SPEAKER_R: like a desk difference. Like nowadays, you know, if you need to work from home or anything?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it was kind of a wild thing because like literally, you know, I mean like, I was already like stress level here and I'm starting to think like, okay, so if an accident happens and like, I can't call 911 because the phone doesn't work. I'm like, all right, if it's my son, I'll just throw it in the car because I can carry him. But if my husband, I can't carry him, so I have to drive to the hospital and then get like, you know, just like your brain starts spiraling.
SPEAKER_R: all these contingency plans and everything mr
SPEAKER_L: know, it's gonna
SPEAKER_R: that's great. I'm glad it worked out for you though.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it was definitely like that we've been together 16 years and thank God this didn't happen earlier because this shit would have broken us. It was incredibly difficult.
SPEAKER_R: Uh this is this is really, this is really testing a lot of people, I'm sure,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I can't imagine being quarantined with someone like you know if you were like had just moved in together or something like that, how
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: insane it would
SPEAKER_R: hard.
SPEAKER_L: be.
SPEAKER_R: That's hard because you never know. You guys might love their, y'all, y'all my ph others throats or anything, you know? All
SPEAKER_L: Well I'm used to being able to just be like all right, call your friends get out of the house, like I need the house to myself, you know
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: the whole work like that so we're all kind of adjusting
SPEAKER_R: mm Do you uh so you said you like to read? So who are your favorite author is? What do you like to read?
SPEAKER_L: Um I like to read a ton of stuff. I'm actually just books are very heavy, I don't know if you know that I have over 2000 books in this house, they're very happy. Um So I like a lot of science fiction, fantasy. Um I like a lot of like I said that kind of natural science to mary roach's,
SPEAKER_R: I've heard of that, I heard that
SPEAKER_L: I love her books.
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: Um So she rewrites a lot of like kind of natural science like packing for mars was one of the more recent ones, like the science of kind of space travel or um stiff was actually one of her books I read, which is like the science of what we do with bodies and you know all about that kind of autopsies and eating mummies and you know the body farm and stuff like that. Um Terry, pratchett, Isaac, Asimov, Irma
SPEAKER_R: on,
SPEAKER_L: back, I mean just a ton of stuff. What about you or your big reader?
SPEAKER_R: I used to, I actually should get back into honestly, but I also like science fiction. I used to read um you ever read a series like anamorphic? I'm not sure. It's kind of
SPEAKER_L: It was a little bit, I like no I did not read it, I'm familiar with it, especially because I'm such a huge thing. Uh but not one of mine,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I used to, I used to read that a lot and then uh like adult
SPEAKER_L: you know
SPEAKER_R: novels.
SPEAKER_L: you listen to podcasts, you know my brother, my brother and me is
SPEAKER_R: I don't, I don't actually, I don't broadcast
SPEAKER_L: They have so it's just like a it's three brothers since my brother, my brother and me. It's a comedy advice thing and they have like they've done like 500 something episodes now. So I mean it's very good and very funny but they have one hole like extended bit about animal rights and like how messed up it is and like you know like did that dude just say he wanted to bone that hawk and like you know like I don't know. Anyway, it's very good.
SPEAKER_R: It is pretty much, you know, maybe I should reread it since I have so much time now, you know, I have all, I really just catch up on stuff. You have you ever terry? Good kind. Yeah, I read a few books of his like a sort of true series. That's all my favorite ones. So
SPEAKER_L: I think I only read unless I'm mixing him up. Did he do the Shannara books?
SPEAKER_R: general books I'm not
SPEAKER_L: That there was, there was one trying to think it was called Magic Kingdom for Sale. Um But I remember like I just remember it because it was like a huge green book and there was we had a very small library when I was a kid and so I checked it out like four or five times. It was sort of like a huge series. But I never the library never had any of the other books. So I just read that book like three
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: times
SPEAKER_R: think that sounds right. I think it sounds, I don't think I read that one, but I think it sounds right for the collection and also um Clive Cussler if you know,
SPEAKER_L: familiar with him. I haven't read any of his books.
SPEAKER_R: he's more like a venture. It's kind of like the one I want is like a dirk pitt series. So it's kind of like the, the ocean water like James Bond kind of you know, go save the world, finds Treasury, stuff like that, stuff like that you like fantasize about like, you know, going out, having a good time. See Mhm,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: create and have a scene. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: You want to go ahead and wrap it up. I think we what's up?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, sure. What do you think to be to be reached? So we did very nice.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think we did. It was fun to talk to you,
SPEAKER_R: It was a lot of fun. Thank you. I had a great time.
SPEAKER_L: Take care of yourself.
SPEAKER_R: You stay safe,
SPEAKER_L: Bye.