great information. Yeah. Yeah prepare Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Trouble Yeah mm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Oh right mm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Okay mm. It yeah with, yeah you, yeah. Okay good. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Hi.
I don't think so. I think we just have to make sure we talked for 25 minutes
I think so I think they said something about like having a list of questions but I didn't see anything. Mhm. Is it morning or night for you?
Well I wasn't sure if they were going to match the same time zone or what so yeah I just got up too so.
Well
yeah central time.
No you're good. I usually I expected to have to set an alarm because I was up super late last night but on
I was up to like to my son's at his grandparents house last night so I was just been watching bullshit on T. V.
Actually I watched the new amazon upload.
Um It's kind of a like comedy drama thing like you have a digital afterlife and then there's a whole like murder mystery plot and stuff so it was pretty good. I kind of got sucked in. I was like sorting through we just moved so I was kind of using the time to open boxes and sort through stuff so
a good way to kill several hours.
Yeah that one definitely did. I guess there's only 10 episodes because I finished it up about two and I was like yes I should actually go to sleep like a normal human being.
Yeah central time nope Illinois. Are you in texas?
Are you in austin?
Got it.
I have a lot of family in Austin which is why I asked where is there in january actually?
Uh Well I mean they're all older now but yeah my cousin went to ut actually,
no, he went to A and M I think, I don't remember.
there's nothing here. Are you enjoying your tea?
Yeah, my husband and I spent a lot of time talking about like if we had to live anywhere else we would definitely live in Austin because I love that city, but we're kind of spoiled right now because we've got one set of grandparents one mile this way and one set one mile that way, so it makes life easier.
Okay,
Uh Well we moved which is terrible. Don't ever move during a global pandemic because all your friends who definitely would help you can't, so that's not a lot. Um so but it's been nice because we moved to a place that has a it's a much bigger house and we have a huge yard now, so my poor, extremely extroverted almost eight year old who would normally be doing a million different things, at least kind of running circles in the yard. Um So that's kind of kept things busy for me. My husband's working from home, I've
actually always worked from home, but I'm a freelancer and a lot of my stuff is kind of dried up, so
let's
bring it down.
Yeah, I think so. It seems like it's kind of ramped up more recently. Uh Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, but normally I'm a freelance writer.
Uh do copyrighting. So marketing websites for Sures, flyers, sales pages, those kinds of things,
What are you going to school for?
that's awesome. That's good that you were able to kind of sit down and think that through.
Yeah. Yeah. Well it's always interesting. My husband actually started out thinking about going to pharmacy school. Um
And then now you know whatever 15 years later now he's in banking and risk management and stuff like that so it's you know there's a lot of different paths.
That is very very true. Yeah. Um So you quarantined alone or you have roommates?
that's rough.
I heard some like crazy stuff with people the same thing, a lot of people are kind of like on Spring break and had left stuff you know in their dorms. Um
There's one girl I know who had left like her glasses that she didn't need all the time, but mostly me that I think she had like taken her contacts but only had enough of them. It was I mean it was rough.
I just. Yes,
You know just stick your arm out and kind of feel around and hope for the best.
Um I mean mostly chasing a kid around. Um I'm a big, big reader. I really enjoy video games, but these days I think I enjoy buying them on steam more than playing them because
um I don't, I literally have my steam open right now, I'm like trying to get more into, I just had humble and they'll just have that board game bundle. So I was trying that out, but I don't know, I like a lot of like platformers, puzzle game strategy, um some RPGS, just defending, so
but
we've been playing a lot of, do you know what, you don't know, Jack is?
It's
kind of like the quiz show, trivia game. It's actually been around, I was like looking at it because it came out like 1995 so it's like I've been playing this game for 25 years um because it used to be, it was like one of
the early like computer trivia games and it's been a million different things. Even have an app fraud on row field, but anyway, so they make a bunch of different party games um that you can play and the nice thing is only what you need to own them. What's that?
you
don't
the first one like 25 years ago. So anyway, so we've got a bunch of the Jack box games, so we've been doing a lot of like zoom game nights with friends who we would normally have like, you know, an actual in person game night and then you know like 10 kids running around. Um
Yeah. Well it's nice because some of them are very much adult games, we play a lot of, you know, quick flash and stuff like that can get together and play. Like they love to play, drop all the drawing ones or there's actually one, there's a bomb disposal corp one that was yes and it is hilarious to watch like a bunch of like five and eight year olds trying to figure out how to like, you know, some of we're all trying to help them read and like figure out what to do and so that was a lot of fun. They're really good at it actually and so they were you know, they were pretty excited. Um
um I am familiar with it but I have not ever actually played it because I'm super cheap and every time I've looked at him like I just can't spend that because I don't know, I need to find someone who already owns it.
That's awesome.
Yeah. Well one of the things that's funny, like I said, I've got a lot of family in Austin, I've got family in Virginia, my brother lives in Denver um and so it's like I've got family all over and like obviously we've all known, I've used to zoom for work before for years and like we all know about all that stuff for some reason, like until the lockdown, that never occurred to us that like we could just be having game nights over zoom on the regular anyway. Uh
Yeah, well, I mean it definitely took off, but no, I've had legs that have worked from home for like 13 years for different companies, so you know, varsity tutors is so
when they were like tiny, so I used to work for them when I was like the 80th person hired at the company or whatever. Um But my friend was like kind of got me and was like the 35th person I heard or whatever but
Yeah no it was super but so it's always been pretty much all remote. Um Although now like now they have offices and stuff everywhere. Um Yeah we used to use them for, we started out on Skype and then we switched over to using zoom for all of our like team meetings because you know our um team would be kind of spread all over the world so. Yeah.
my
Yeah. Yeah no Zuma's is so much easier, although I think like I don't know, I think Microsoft is really trying hard to rebrand everything, they've got teams and whatever their new um I don't
remember what their new internet Explorer is going to be now. Um I just saw a commercial the other day, I was like holy crap, their marketing team is working hard.
Yeah, well I think that's the problem is like, I think they had gotten lazy because Skype had been basically all like they had a huge market share was all everyone knew and
then there are a lot of these like kind of upstarts, like I said I've been working remotely for a long time, so like webex go to meeting, you know, a lot of those things were kind of around, but it never like gotten there and
then zoom really started to take off and then of course the pandemic like made them completely dominant.
No, I didn't hear that.
that's just is insane.
about you?
Yeah, we actually um for years and years we used to go to the great Smoky Mountains, that was kind of like our trip. Actually today my husband and I've been together 16 years, and so
the first like 10 years or so I took him there for our very first anniversary, to like a cabin that a friend told me about in the smokies, and so we just kind of fell in love and we've gone almost every year. Um But yeah, there's some, we like my son's just now kind of getting to the point where hiking is a thing that we can actually do without having to carry him everywhere, so I'm pretty excited about that,
That's awesome.
What's your favorite find?
That's amazing.
Yeah, that's incredible. No, we love uh I'm a big natural history buff as well actually, my uh my son for Mother's Day two years ago got me a trial bite, which I mean to be there, he got it at like a flea market, but still like, you know
Oh I was, because I remember when I first figured out that it wasn't trilobite because I read a lot as a kid but didn't like ever hear things pronounced that loud and
then when I don't remember what I was reading something, it was like trilobite named because it has three lobes and I was like, oh shit, I'm glad I never said that out loud.
I was always, when I was a kid, like because I was a big nerd, big reader um but I was always like man just say it confidently because no one else in this room knows how it's pronounced, so just go for it, if you can say it fast and confident, no one's gonna question, they're just going to assume that you know what you're talking about?
Yeah.
there's a lot of neat places to explore now if hopefully the weather starts getting good, you know, I'm excited to kind of start getting back out.
Um No we're pretty pretty locked down. Um We're I'm in southern Illinois closer to ST louis so it's a little more rural and people are a little more uh a little less compliant, you know and then you might hope um But you know I'm my my family and you might well some of my family and my friends are taking it pretty seriously
so
um yeah so I know like I said I don't know how it is overall in texas and my grandma is you know in her late eighties and so like my family is pretty locked down as well.
jesus good times.
Yeah. Yeah. It's just crazy stuff that I was just reading because I um felt like the Denver subreddit and stuff like that. Like I said, my brother lives there and I just like to kind of you know, kind of keep up in the news so I can like poke at him. But yeah, there was something, it was like the sheriff, one of the parks was like a specific part of it like was gated off and locked down and everything and people were driving up there and literally like throwing the signs off the road so that they could go up there. So the sheriff had to write three tickets in a row for people.
Like literally like he ticketed someone, you know arrested them or whatever and then like turned around to leave and someone else had like the signs that he had just put back up, someone else had done it and it was just like come on,
you know?
it's just like, I don't know I think like it sucks. Yeah, don't get me wrong. But we're still very very very lucky. I mean those of us who haven't, you know like I had a friend recently who's um grandfather died and like it wasn't from Corona, but because of all the lockdowns, like he was in hospice and his wife couldn't get to see him. And then so like the whole family, like no one can have a funeral. Like it just sucks. So like as much as it is annoying you know? I don't know, suck it up, you know? You can.
Well and again it's like you said, I mean like even if you're not worried for yourself, you know I have a friend
like our kids are friends, so she's a little younger than me, She's only like 30 but she's on like long term chemo and stuff like that. And so I mean any time she has to go anywhere it's like full Hazmat suit. That's the thing like she's got three little kids like you know just king you know keep the grocery stores till. Yeah.
Yeah that's I mean I remember right before like literally the day before Illinois's shelter in place like my
son was taking a ninja class with a bunch of his friends and stuff like that and it was that debate of like do we go to class, do we not go to class? And I felt bad because like like you know the it was still really small to just open. So it's like I've been talking with the owner a bunch because there were days when like they would have open gym, it would just be like my son and her son in there and so I knew how hard she's working. It was like I hate not to go
and then everything cancelled and then literally the next day I was like okay not only the houses for a month.
Um They can my son has wild A. D. D. So he just like you know we do uh some zoom chats and stuff like that with his
friends and it helps like we've always homeschooled since he was you know like his whole life. So we have a like this area has a really really good um like homeschooling culture and um you know in the before times it was like there were a million I mean we had home school archery, home school bullying, home school gymnastics, homeschool ninja
classes. We
have a co
ops,
we have like classes at the zoo. I mean like there was a ton of stuff that we could do, homeschool music classes, art classes, just everything. Um And so like he got just, I mean he was with friends all the time, homeschoolers tend to have a ton of kids, it was like every time like my son is an only child, but like literally if I went somewhere with two friends there will be 10 kids there and they were just kind of having a blast. So it's definitely been a big change for him, like I'm very much an introvert, like I need a lot of time away and he is very very much an extra hurt, so it is challenging. Uh because I'm basically his only source of social time,
I often wonder because it's like, I think the experiences so different, like, I don't know like what's it like feeling, I guess feeling, do you feel like you're like super productive and you have all this time or?
Are you like is the online class thing working well for you or is it hard?
I mean
how I did that sometimes in college within person
club.
Yeah. I mean I'm sure it's that it's very challenging that I worked full time, I went to school full time, so I never really got the like lazy bits. Um Like I know for my husband it was really hard because he's also you know my son takes after him and that like he's a very extroverted person so like he just started working from home, you know when this all kind of shut down. Um
And so like we're settling, you know, it's been like, I don't even know like two months now I guess, but so like now we have a routine but at the beginning like he was just like wander out of the office and like just wander around to talk to my son and I like coworkers go away. This is much already. Uh But yeah, so I mean it was definitely an adjustment for everyone I think. Uh
But yeah, and it's weird too because that was my office. So now he's been
interesting.
I'm just like,
that's why I'm like sitting and this is my, you know, dining room table. So
shit.
Yeah. Well and part of the problem to like I said, we moved right at the beginning of this. So like we, you know, we were transferred, we only moved like a mile away. Which thank God because we like literally everything in our three bedroom house other than we had movers for four hours. Other than that every single thing in this house was picked up and carried by me and my husband.
Oh my god I don't know how we barely made it as what it was insane. But so since you know we had to move we'd like to move our modem over and everything and it was a complete complete clusterfuck. We had to have the internet company out like three separate times. Um They had ended up having to like lay a new cable in the new house and so it was like and then um at one point while we're moving, so we didn't have internet at the old house, we didn't have internet at the new house, we're just kind of using you know our phones and everything um A like an A. T. And T. Truck hit a pole or something and knocked out 75 cell phone towers. So for like a day and a half we not only didn't have internet anyway, we couldn't even text, we couldn't call, we couldn't do anything. So
we had to
play.
Yeah, it was kind of a wild thing because like literally, you know, I mean like, I was already like stress level here and I'm starting to think like, okay, so if an accident happens and like, I can't call 911 because the phone doesn't work. I'm like, all right, if it's my son, I'll just throw it in the car because I can carry him. But if my husband, I can't carry him, so I have to drive to the hospital and then get like, you know, just like your brain starts spiraling.
know, it's gonna
Yeah, it was definitely like that we've been together 16 years and thank God this didn't happen earlier because this shit would have broken us. It was incredibly difficult.
Yeah, I can't imagine being quarantined with someone like you know if you were like had just moved in together or something like that, how
insane it would
be.
Well I'm used to being able to just be like all right, call your friends get out of the house, like I need the house to myself, you know
the whole work like that so we're all kind of adjusting
Um I like to read a ton of stuff. I'm actually just books are very heavy, I don't know if you know that I have over 2000 books in this house, they're very happy. Um So I like a lot of science fiction, fantasy. Um I like a lot of like I said that kind of natural science to mary roach's,
I love her books.
Um So she rewrites a lot of like kind of natural science like packing for mars was one of the more recent ones, like the science of kind of space travel or um stiff was actually one of her books I read, which is like the science of what we do with bodies and you know all about that kind of autopsies and eating mummies and you know the body farm and stuff like that. Um Terry, pratchett, Isaac, Asimov, Irma
back, I mean just a ton of stuff. What about you or your big reader?
It was a little bit, I like no I did not read it, I'm familiar with it, especially because I'm such a huge thing. Uh but not one of mine,
you know
you listen to podcasts, you know my brother, my brother and me is
They have so it's just like a it's three brothers since my brother, my brother and me. It's a comedy advice thing and they have like they've done like 500 something episodes now. So I mean it's very good and very funny but they have one hole like extended bit about animal rights and like how messed up it is and like you know like did that dude just say he wanted to bone that hawk and like you know like I don't know. Anyway, it's very good.
I think I only read unless I'm mixing him up. Did he do the Shannara books?
That there was, there was one trying to think it was called Magic Kingdom for Sale. Um But I remember like I just remember it because it was like a huge green book and there was we had a very small library when I was a kid and so I checked it out like four or five times. It was sort of like a huge series. But I never the library never had any of the other books. So I just read that book like three
times
familiar with him. I haven't read any of his books.
Yeah. That's awesome.
You want to go ahead and wrap it up. I think we what's up?
Yeah, I think we did. It was fun to talk to you,
Take care of yourself.
Bye.