Uh huh. All right. All right. Do we need to wait until 9 45 to start or?
Okay. We just talk about like anything. It's like
It's morning. I just woke up it's 9 45 for me. How about you?
Are you
central time as well or?
Nice to go. So that's my alarm case. I didn't wake up.
Hold you stay home.
Oh, nice. Nice. What are you watching?
What's that?
Not as nice.
We went past the time. It's like once you watched one episode just keeps going on her.
I feel that I feel a minute. Um But yeah, are you in texas or you said your central time
Yeah, I'm in texas. I was wondering I was wondering if they like master people like with the same city or something. Like be interesting.
Actually. I go to school and awesome. But I'm actually telling us so yeah.
Your school in the U. T.
And everybody.
And
no he's that.
Uh Yeah I love it. I really love it. Um It's it's such like a fun town you know like when I first came in I was like I was kind of intimidating because I'm from the suburbs. Kind of never really like a big city but within the first week I was like man this place is just is so much so full of energy. So full of life. You know I'm really going to love that kind of atmosphere. Yeah.
Perfect when your family is so close you know? Yeah I mean I'm basically like the opposite. Like my grandparents are like all the way in Malaysia which is like halfway across the world. So very good to see him. So that's nice. You can see on a regular basis. Yeah. Well
yeah. Are you what you've been up to during a quarantine?
What
one
last
last what? So you've been using a prolific too for a while then, or?
raising stuff together?
Oh, nice, nice. So what do you publish or what do you write in?
No, I'm niceness.
Uh Oh my goodness. Before biology actually, I was gonna do, you know, pre med as a lot would say like go be a doctor or something, but one day I just sat down, I was like, well, you know what, I really wanted life and uh I was between like pharmacy, dentistry and medicine and I was like, you know, I think that it is like the best thing for me, you know?
Yeah, because like for the longest time I was like I'll just I'll just do this and figure my way, you know? But I realize that a point in life you gotta you gotta kind of like sit down to yourself. No, I got to actually do something, you know?
One?
See that's the thing, it's like, yeah, a lot of people like have an initial goal, but then like you never know where life will take you honestly.
Um So my my mom is a I came back home from often, so the funny thing was like uh I mean you of course know whenever there's like a break or something like you're super super excited to come back home. And then they told us that like literally the day before we came back home they said oh we're standing spring break for another week. So we're like, oh my gosh, that's awesome. And so I only for like five days or whatever and then I ever went back to Austin for like the past 56 weeks. So I only have like stuff enough for your like six. So yeah.
Yes, it was pretty rough. So I need to go back to see it and grab some stuff.
Mhm.
Okay. That was suck. Yeah, I'm really glad I brought back some contacts, especially my glasses because I was like, do I need it? Like, Yeah. Yeah, I just really just in case because you never know, right? Yeah,
I would have been doing, I can't I can't drive back to Austin. You have no contacts or glasses. That'd be rough. So
yeah, what would you like to do? What are your hobbies and stuff?
Oh well, Good bye.
I learned
that you just said that I literally just got steam because I want to play CS go with my friend. Yeah.
Jack. Which I've heard. I feel like I've heard
Jack.
All
You mean Jack Box? Oh you know
I love
that yet,
Yeah. That I absolutely love Jack Box. There's so many, I forgot what it's what do you have the one that you know where you you draw something then you have to auction it off and people a bit that's so much fun.
Do you play have you played a Catan settlers of Catan before?
maybe um They have the online version so you can play the three people I think for free. But you should check it out. It's pretty fun. It's a very highly addicting board game if you're if you like those
because it's like it's a lot of strategy. There's so many basically win. So I think you really like it.
Wait, zoom has been around for a long time. I thought was just recent because I've only heard about recently.
have.
That's great. That's really early on then.
Yeah. We just um I just had a meeting with people and I realized how much better zoom was the Sky because like Skype and so
much everything. I was like, wow, how did not discover this before? You know, for all these years you? Re using Skype was like, man is so bad.
What?
You can tell they're really trying to really trying to catch up and jump on the bandwagon.
Whoa.
One.
Yeah. I don't literally in the blink of an eye, like everything changed. Like did you hear the zoom stock people start investing in the wrong zoom stock?
Because there's two once. It's like Z. O. M. Was the original one for the video sharing company. But investing in like Zio M. Which is like this random like I think pharmaceutical company or something they like skyrocketed. And then when someone realized oh this is Rachael feet every like pulled out in a price collapse. So we yeah.
Mm Yeah. So where you, wait, you said you like playing a lot of big games and everything. So
yeah I am. I actually love, I let you love a lot of nature. You guys must, do you ever go like hiking or anything in Illinois's and
grants?
Hi it's nice. Well actually I love hiking to and what's kind of cool is I'm sure you heard you can do this. But one of the best hobbies is fossil hunting.
Like I go to like creeks and like mountains and rivers and you basically you basically hike around like you do in the middle of the wilderness, you know, off the uh, but you can find like all sorts of stuff like their shells or a shark's teeth. There's there's bones I've even found like a partial dinosaur in texas.
Um There's there's a lot. So the parts of dinosaur is pretty cool. Like really walking along creek bed. And it's exciting because like you find one burger brain, you find another when you find out when you find one you see the whole entire animal coming out of the side of the creep.
But there's also I found I have one right here actually. Um I found this one recently and it might be a new species that I get named after me actually. So this is a fossil sea urchin and it's a one of two or three that's ever been found. So I might have that name after my last name. If I can find someone to publish that.
that's awesome. No, no. Yeah. Tripadvisor need, those are one of my very first fossils to yeah, go ahead and get a good
No.
Mhm. Well, I don't mean like some of the names get really, really, really blackie, especially in scientific names, like, like belt them out all the time. Just like, I just like ticket slowly like a little chunk tina. Okay,
Take it till you make it right. Uh Yeah,
if you ever, I feel like there's a lot of places, there probably a lot of places in Illinois is probably defined trailer bikes too. Oh
So are you all under like a mandatory lockdown or can you all go kind of kind of freely or?
people
get it again.
Yeah. Yeah, that's that's my biggest concern is like, especially in the very beginning, it's like I'm not worried about me, I'm worried about like the older people, like older people, my family if they catch it and I'm scared for them, you know? Yeah. So I mean um I don't know if you heard but some students from U. T. From like a sorority or whatever, I will to uh Mexico I think doing screen break even though they're told not to. And like 55 of them came back and had coronavirus.
Right. Like, and then people like, are you kidding me? Like out of that group, like majority of them got coronavirus and they brought it back to Austin.
Canyon
I
mean, I like people are saying like if you just stay home, like the sooner you stay home and we all just try and get over this, you know, the cooker will be done to this, you know? Well,
Well get it over because like I'm scared about like the second wave, you know, like especially when flu season hits and everything like, man. Ah
No. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean it just really surprising. It literally came out of nowhere. I remember when we were, when it first came, everyone's like, oh, oh blow over because when Ebola came, everyone's really scared of it and it came to Dallas. I remember first and everyone's like, oh my God should be so bad. But it kind of blew up and we're like, oh we were just saying how come how bad can it be? Uh huh. Hey, it is pretty bad.
Well
When
can they, can they still do like zoom classes? You think?
Month?
No,
are
on
war.
Yeah. Yeah, that's definitely, I I see a lot of my friends who are introverts and they're they're very they're they're kind of cute kind of suffering, they wish everything was opened back up. I was like just a little bit more hopefully, fingers crossed, fingers crossed, So passing.
I wonder if you will. Probably because you're used to like you said your work used to working from home, right? I guess. Yeah, so like for me, I was I'm not the hardest work here, I would say, I'll say that like, you know, it's hard to get me going, sometimes I'll talk to telling my friend about this, I'm sure you're back when you're in school, you know, the first week or two a summer like you feel oh my gosh is great, have so many things to do so much time and after, like those two weeks kind of like kind of slow down and kind of relax, get lazy, you know, just like I'm just gonna sleep, sleep, you know, just kind of rest in bed and that was spring break for me. So basically summer started early and so since then I felt like so lazy yet I still have classes and everything, do you know? So that's
it's all a bit sometimes they don't wake up for lectures, I mean fighters
doesn't
all
right, especially when you're such like a comfortable atmosphere, you know, you're, you're at home, you just wake up like it's okay, I just want to watch it like a year later, you know? Well, it's definitely, definitely very different and they're talking about it being online, next message to you, and I'm like, I don't know what I think about that, you know? Well,
just
huh
you
are
there
Oh yeah. Random question. How's your, how's your wifi during this,
What, what it's like, man, it is so slow for us to now.
I would have been feel hard. You got to move like a farther distance, you know, during this
team trade,
that's
like a desk difference. Like nowadays, you know, if you need to work from home or anything?
all these contingency plans and everything mr
that's great. I'm glad it worked out for you though.
Uh this is this is really, this is really testing a lot of people, I'm sure,
I'm
hard.
That's hard because you never know. You guys might love their, y'all, y'all my ph others throats or anything, you know? All
no,
mm Do you uh so you said you like to read? So who are your favorite author is? What do you like to read?
I've heard of that, I heard that
well
on,
I used to, I actually should get back into honestly, but I also like science fiction. I used to read um you ever read a series like anamorphic? I'm not sure. It's kind of
yeah, I used to, I used to read that a lot and then uh like adult
novels.
I don't, I don't actually, I don't broadcast
It is pretty much, you know, maybe I should reread it since I have so much time now, you know, I have all, I really just catch up on stuff. You have you ever terry? Good kind. Yeah, I read a few books of his like a sort of true series. That's all my favorite ones. So
general books I'm not
I
think that sounds right. I think it sounds, I don't think I read that one, but I think it sounds right for the collection and also um Clive Cussler if you know,
he's more like a venture. It's kind of like the one I want is like a dirk pitt series. So it's kind of like the, the ocean water like James Bond kind of you know, go save the world, finds Treasury, stuff like that, stuff like that you like fantasize about like, you know, going out, having a good time. See Mhm,
create and have a scene. Yeah.
Yeah, sure. What do you think to be to be reached? So we did very nice.
It was a lot of fun. Thank you. I had a great time.
You stay safe,