Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If if, if protection, yeah, it's Mhm. That's yeah. Hello? Mhm.
How are you doing today?
So it's so early. I wasn't, I wasn't ready. I didn't even remember that this was
going on today. So
I had my alarm set and then I just
started,
maybe. What?
Have you done one of these before?
You
haven't,
Yeah, this is my 2nd 1. the last time it was maybe like a month ago. And um,
it
was just a lady from a small town. She was really nice, but it was
longer before before you had to talk. I think you
have to talk longer than Then the 25 minutes. Mm Hmm. Yeah. Do
you usually use the website prolific or? No.
Yeah, me too. Um there was a lot of studies yesterday and I, I did all the ones I could, yeah.
Uh Gosh, like More than 10 I think.
Yes, I did.
definitely. Um I don't know it. I mean it gives
me something to do in between work. So I, I figured why not? And usually it's fun, you know?
Mhm.
Well, and then I feel good because, you know, you're helping the researcher, so it's kind of nice.
Exactly. Yes. Yeah, that's nice too. Mhm. Mhm.
So
what
are,
yeah, what are you doing today after after this?
Yeah, that's good. Less busy can be good as long as you don't get bored.
Right
me. Yes, I need to go um
to
the store and then do some work. I work from home so I
can kind of schedule my own day. But um
yeah, that's that's part of I guess what I need to do and then I have to do laundry and just, you know how stuff, Yeah,
That's what
stressful.
Like what do I do for like for work?
um more or less yeah sometimes I'll go spend time with family and you know that kind of thing. But um yeah it's I don't know it's there's not that much to it, it's kind of kind of the same thing every day for the most part so that's all right. Mhm.
I'm really hungry though. I I just like I just woke up and yeah I haven't anything yet. What time is it where you are?
nine a.m. Yeah so here it's eight. Um
But I I normally wake up early like a you know at least at eight but usually earlier. But um I slept kind of late so I'm just like mhm.
Uh it was after one a.m.
Yeah. Yeah and that's that's late. I just I couldn't sleep and I
Yes it's really um I prefer to sleep at like 11 but I don't know I was like watching some shows and then I just
I
just wasn't sleepy but
I
didn't
want to take um Sometimes
I take these gummies, it's kind of like the one of them holding right now. But these are different. I mean
this
is
just candy but I like uh one
like whenever I feel like I'm having a little bit of trouble sleeping and it's you know it's going to affect me then I'll take melatonin which will help me sleep. But
Well
I normally sleep well though like really well but you know maybe like 95% of the time. But then that 5% is bad.
What was that?
Yes. Now I can
it's uh
it's pretty bad. Um My my city was for like the last few weeks it was number three in the nation with cases and then I became number two. Um
I don't know how we're doing now but there are a lot of cases I know three people that have it right now. three relatives, they're all
my aunts um And then before them for other people in my family had it
and they all recovered thankfully very happy and very grateful for that. But
you
know it's everybody's getting it.
Yeah so it's it's um
it's just kind of, I
wouldn't
say
so much that it's scary. It's just the
uncertainty like you don't know if it's going to affect you a certain way and with some people they you know they really um they get very sick or they're already sick like one of my aunts that has it. Um
She's getting better now But she already has six. She's a diabetic. And so whenever somebody already has a
medical condition it makes it worse. It makes it harder. And
then another and that has it has no symptoms. And then the other one because there's three that have it right now. Uh I think she also doesn't have symptoms, like it keeps fine basically. But she has to stay inside and all of them.
Thank you. Yeah, it's gonna be okay. It's it's just it's just sad. But I have a big family, so I figured people we're going to start getting it.
How how is it where you are?
Like it's spreading
also. Yeah.
Right. I think that's been even harder than the disease. Just that being isolated and not being able to go, you know, to different places. Um It's harder to see friends because sometimes people don't want to go anywhere because they're scared and that's been harder for me.
I don't know what's going to happen but I hope that I hope that we can at least go out more soon here. Um
You know obviously at the beginning like March april even made it was very restricted and then it just well you know the cases I guess we're under control and we were able to go out and it was fine. You know we didn't have to be
home by a certain time. Now everybody needs to be home by 10 a. 10 p. m. You can't be out buying groceries or
putting gas in your car at 10 a.m. You'll get like the cops will give you a warning and they can't even give you a fine. So that's now
but before it wasn't it wasn't like that we could still do things and you know if you wanted to go to a restaurant, you could just fewer people and now um you can but it's there mostly closed.
A lot of them are closed or there um only
open a few hours a day.
It's
Yeah. It is.
Yeah. I
don't know what's going to happen, but hopefully. Yeah,
hopefully it improves. Um Okay. Yeah,
that's pretty bad.
Mhm. I think,
or I think it's still gonna be there like next year. It's still going to be pretty bad. Um Or
at least,
Like all of 2021 and
then
because they're working
on a vaccine,
but it's it's there's not enough of them.
They don't have it yet, but they will. But for example the
United
States where I live,
but uh they bought 300,000 like they put in an order So that when it's ready they
can use
it. But on 300,000 people I'm sure eventually when they see how it works on those people they'll you know it will be more available but that's not that's
not
enough.
Yeah it's going to take time
I don't know I don't
know.
Oh me when we're done uh I'm gonna take a shower and then I'm going to go to a store
so I can buy some inventory. Um
I sell I sell items online mostly clothing, clothing, shoes. Persists
for women.
I saw a little bit of men's clothes but not not as much.
Yeah so I need to go and get some things and then bring him in, take pictures, I take pictures of them, I write the descriptions and then I put them up on three different online platforms so that my buyers can buy them. So
yeah that's what I'm gonna do. What are you going to do?
at home.
think that's a good idea. I am only leaving home because I have to pretty much, but um I'm not gonna I'm probably not going to go out tomorrow and maybe
friday, I have to take my car for some maintenance, but
I mean that's just at the dealership, you're not really around people, you there's a lot of space, I can sit away from everybody. Um And yeah, and that's about it, but you know, just as little as possible just for groceries or just for things I need. Um not because I want to go walk around at a store or anything like that. Yeah.
Um It's
no, I'm sorry, what are you going to say?
Uh Yeah, I I live I live just me, but I I spent a lot of time with my mom with, you know, my uncles, my aunts, my cousins, big family
and
very close, very close. Mhm.
Yes. Do you live with your family? I hear some noise so I'm guessing there's people there.
breakfast. Um I don't know yet. I'm not sure, but I'm going to make maybe, maybe oatmeal or um maybe just a smoothie. I'm not sure. Mm.
I make a green smoothie.
I'm
sorry,
what did
you
say? Taking what?
Over
my weight? Oh, not really. Um it's just good like for my system for
digestion and stuff. I'm not trying to lose weight. I'm okay. Um you know, but
I might have that and then like maybe a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, which is not healthy and there's not that friendly.
Thanks. What about you? What are you going to have?
That's it. Just coffee,
Coffee and Bulger. Okay,
What
is like a
what is a very like common food where you where you are like a very typical
food?
Like um something
that people usually for breakfast.
Mhm. Thanks.
Of what
conversation about? What?
Oh, okay. Um Yeah, I'm not sure if they allow us to. I think they might. Um But yeah, that's fine.
Yeah, I don't know if that's a good idea, but I can um if you're like on social media, I can add you.
I have I have I have Snapchat
on. Which one?
I actually just closed my instagram. So the only thing I kept was was my Snapchat.
Yeah. Yeah. It's s like sam E. Are
K. A. 331 at yahoo dot com.
Yeah. S. C. R. K. A. 331 at yahoo dot com.
guess.
Yeah it's it's E. Uh huh. And then are K. A. 331@yahoo.com?
You're sure.
you as well.
Yeah so this thing let's see. It tells you. Mhm. Oh yeah we have to talk for at least 25 minutes others
About seven
minutes left because we both started the chat like three minutes and I think so if we stay on it's better so we actually get paid.
two or 3 minutes later. Right?
Uh Well mind sess 21 50 almost 22.
the you know the timer thing
you
know
the timer that we get?
What
are what does yours
say?
No not yet.
Okay. See mine says 22.
almost 23.
So I'm
thinking just like two or three more minutes just to make sure because if we If
we do 24 minutes they won't pay us. If we do 24 minutes and 30 seconds they won't pay us.
But if we do 25 minutes or 26 minutes then we're okay. This is
yeah, no. Yeah, I know the last lady that I spoke with. She had
done
like a bunch of them and at the time I want to say It paid a little bit more than this. I
think it paid the £20 I think. But we had to talk a little bit longer. Like I think we have to talk for 40 minutes or something. I don't know, I don't remember. But we did talk a little bit longer.
And um
yeah and she did a lot of different um like studies but like lots of video studies. So like I'm a researcher in your somebody that's responding to questions. She did a lot of those. And then also the stuff on prolific and that she
made you know a good amount of extra cash doing that.
Because
of
yes because a lot of those studies if you find them um
where it's a,
I don't know like they ask you about your opinion and everything. They tend to pay better. Um I talked to somebody but it was over, it was over the phone, it was a researcher and we talked for It was supposed to be up to an hour and a half. We only talked for an hour like an hour and five or 10 minutes. And uh and that paid $40. So that was really good and it was
just she just asked questions and it was it was actually
interesting. It was pretty fun.
So um I think that I think our time is up
it was it was really good to meet you and I hope that I hope that everything goes well for you. Um
Yes and have have a really
great day and week.
Sounds good
circa 331 alright via take care.