SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Can you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: I can.
SPEAKER_R: Thanks. Hey good evening.
SPEAKER_L: Good evening.
SPEAKER_R: Well I, I don't know if it's evening where you're at but it is here.
SPEAKER_L: I'm actually in florida.
SPEAKER_R: Okay so am I? My name is bob.
SPEAKER_L: I'm brian nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: Nice to meet you brian where you at in florida at?
SPEAKER_L: Um Just south of Tampa.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Just like that's a clear waters north. So I'm over in Jacksonville.
SPEAKER_L: You said you're in Jacksonville. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Um Clearwater is about an hour drive but
SPEAKER_R: You're
SPEAKER_L: I'm,
SPEAKER_R: north of you Okay.
SPEAKER_L: yeah
SPEAKER_R: All right,
SPEAKER_L: well north and then you got to go across the bay
SPEAKER_R: okay, you're down like we're bradenton is or
SPEAKER_L: Yep. Just actually 20 minutes north of breaking in. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so much familiar with the Tampa area too. So are you familiar with Jacksonville?
SPEAKER_L: Um I've only been through passing the closest I've ever came to ST Augustine.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Just a little south of us then.
SPEAKER_L: Okay that's nice. It's a beautiful area. Um I don't venture as much to the atlantic coast as as often as I should.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I like, I like Tampa though, it's a beautiful area. The beaches are nice there.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah I mean well not for the next couple of days or so that's for sure.
SPEAKER_R: No, you guys are getting ready or
SPEAKER_L: Um I mean we had a couple of fronts that came through today couple squall lines but um besides that I don't think I would or should need to prepare us and drastic as it's still the tropical storm status. So.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so probably just get some wind and some rain out of it and that most uh if it continues the way they say it is.
SPEAKER_L: correct. Yeah I mean I feel sorry for those who were in the path before and it was like at one point a category four
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I was actually looking at it earlier today and I was like wow, this thing is really traveled some distance
SPEAKER_L: I never, in my lifetime um ever seen a storm bed just like goes literally zigzagging them and just going up north.
SPEAKER_R: and it's still traveling, it's still alive.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've never seen that before. It's very interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah because I think when I hit central America was what category for and then rained and kinda like called over there for a few days and they got the brunt of it and I guess now south florida got quite a bit.
SPEAKER_L: I did see some videos near Key West, some minor flooding. But I think at one point over the weekend Or Sunday, I think at some areas like around Miami was up to 5" of rain.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I heard 20 today and I was like that's a lot of rain um but
SPEAKER_L: very
SPEAKER_R: we don't,
SPEAKER_L: much.
SPEAKER_R: I'm glad we don't get that, I don't think I've ever seen 20" yet.
SPEAKER_L: No, I mean 20 if that ever were to come through in my area I'd say a decent amount around here might be flooding. I mean I don't live in the flood zone.
SPEAKER_R: Oh you don't Okay,
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: that's good. Neither do I, but I've been to Tampa before uh like three years ago and it had rained quite a bit in Tampa and there was, it seemed like a lot of flooding, especially like in the brain area, I was down in that area a lot and seemed like they had a lot of flooded streets and it was quite a bit of water.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's a like I said today just more most part was very windy um saturday and sunday. Um, not so much rain, but I work part time with the Tampa bay buccaneers. So I was working at sunday night game where it was windy, but a little bit of rain where I was working outside,
SPEAKER_R: Okay. What do you do with the Tampa Bay?
SPEAKER_L: I'm with the game operations. Um, but because of Covid this year doesn't change the scope and everything. With my position, I usually was the person along with other coordinators on the field with the big american flag ceremony. So
SPEAKER_R: the beginning?
SPEAKER_L: freaking, yep. At the beginning pregame festivities, uh, with the buccaneers flag holding it out, just coordinating all the volunteers. I'm living like a few points like touching the other players, the opposing players that is like right in their face. Um, and just coordinating the whole point because it has to be synchronized to the NFL timeline. So, but because of covid everything, you know, the precautions that they have to take in, um, understood that my position was for this season eliminated. So I changed up to, I guess more guest relations role just to keep my tenure there for this season. And then sunday my first time working at the game, especially something like football, even for 15,000 capacity, like my role was to Make sure everyone had their COVID-19 waiver essentially filled out on their phone. So every
SPEAKER_R: They
SPEAKER_L: person
SPEAKER_R: help,
SPEAKER_L: that walks money. Oh
SPEAKER_R: they have to have a waiver to go into the game or
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's, it's a questionnaire that they scan with their QR code asking, you know, basically just, you know, reduce the liability for the team in NFL from being sued if they do contract it Um stating, you know, you haven't met with a person 14 days, you haven't traveled internationally. What not basically you can lie through the whole thing and then all I need to see was just a green checkmark stating that you completed and you're good to go. So
SPEAKER_R: that's nervous.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's really interesting and it's always, it's always true to fashion that. Um, you know, before, when they open up the gates, there's a nice steady string people coming through, no problem. But then right before kickoff it's always that big slew of people just like bum rushing through the door.
SPEAKER_R: everybody rushing at the last second to get into the
SPEAKER_L: I'm just like, even with a socially distance game, I'm like, and with no tailgating, I just don't understand how people still show at the very last minute. It's one thing, you know, for 60,000 capacity, you know, parking is horrendous. You know, you're trying to spend some time outside the stadium at Sunday night trying to enjoy it, but like seriously trying to bum rush everyone and then complain and grab them on. Like typically just like all you need to see is just a green check mark that you did it if you didn't have live pads over here to complete and that's it,
SPEAKER_R: What if they didn't complete it? Did they get to step out and then completed or is
SPEAKER_L: correct?
SPEAKER_R: that something
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So I had security because we had for at one to get like six people in one lane. So you know, I don't know why they picked my lane for some reason trying everyone bum rushing, but I had to stop. Just need to see green checkmark. That's it. It's not scanned the secure code to say, you know, the majority questions or no sign. Show me the green check mark. Go to security and you can won't be free. Yeah, So it's, it's, it's a bit challenging at times. I mean like I said, it was nice and beginning a little stressful towards the game time. Um, I was supposed to be there for the whole game, but my virginal scope was just to be there originally four hours and then leave. So I'm like, I can't stay from like I was there from 3:30. I was supposed to stay there until midnight. I'm like, I can't do that. Not on a Sunday night, right before I go to work. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: be nice to see the game?
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. And typically my my role is, you know, after we do the flag ceremonies were on the main concourse, coordinating, you know, whenever the box score, we wait like these fucking your flags and the main concourse. So have all these volunteers, you know, basically get ready. So I'm supposed to watch the game and watch any place. What not to tell these volunteers away the flags, but not this season. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's a sunday night. You didn't have to worry about waiving any flags.
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry,
SPEAKER_L: no. Uh yeah. The the outcome of that game was just, I didn't expect it. I didn't even see the first quarter of it because I was working and then walking back to my car. But um, yeah, I didn't I didn't no one saw that coming for that score.
SPEAKER_R: No, I expected a good game, you know, you can through breeds, I expected this to be a great game, you know, and I was like disappointed it that it didn't get better, but he has this off night. So, you know,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's true. I mean regard even though that's the worst game on record, um you know, I hope they fine tune in once again. I really was hoping for the win because the first game I understand no preseason, you know, no O. T. A. S offseason horrible first game versus your leans. But I did not see this coming like coming back with a vengeance.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it was like drew Brees came out hot and ready and brady just couldn't hit for anything. I mean I
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: the defense, Yeah, it was all facets from the offensive line to the defense, not being able to stop the passing for Drew Brees are running. Yeah. Steve lewis running attempt game. An inability 3-5 times four both sides.
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: I could
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: believe
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: in it.
SPEAKER_R: There was hardly any yardage. You know, they got like 30 yards or something.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And he threw three picks is, well, I'm just like great. You would think having Antonio brown in the game, we're just elevated everyone else and then made it that much easier to throw the ball around. But I guess um with the offensive line being too cocky is just one person I know for the offensive line. I hate him with a passion. He's horrible. He can't block. I don't know why we have this player.
SPEAKER_R: Uh So maybe they have to have to make a switch or something or you have to get better brady once radio get on them, you know, help it bread.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, yeah. I have no fear that you know, brady's gonna chew him out just like he did in Chicago game, you know, his offensive center um chewing him out just because of the stupid, reckless, you know, offensive line penalties. So
SPEAKER_R: So I assume you're a Tampa Bay fan. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: tried and true, you know, born and raised in here. You have always been a fan even through the Winston years.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean, you know in the off season when they picked up brady I said well that's you know, that's gonna do them great this year compared to all your other years that you've had. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. The irony of it at the end of the game. Um I saw Jamis Winston during his famous thought eating the w type of hand signals, postgame interview. And I'm just like, really dude, you're gonna do that towards the bucks after you gave the books five years of like basically nothing. You know, you just threw one pass in the game, you didn't win the game if he won the game for them, That's one thing he had every right to do that to show up his former team. But you're only there for like a few minutes you through one past and then you want to show off on national television by saying, you know, eat the wind buccaneers. I'm like, forget you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: because he wasn't you know, I know Tampa Bay had high hopes for him and I thought he was going to do it there for a little bit. But now, so picking up brady was a win win for you guys and I don't know we'll see where it pans out unless brady is getting too old to play who knows?
SPEAKER_L: Uh No, I mean, Mhm. I really do think maybe it's our like being our third loss so far. Like after the first thing with new Orleans, we won I think three striking and then we lost Chicago and then we want another three games and we lost now. So I don't know that this might be a pattern or something. We just have to realign ourselves, Get refocused onto coffee like you know that giants game on monday or sunday night monday. Actually
SPEAKER_R: Problem.
SPEAKER_L: we were just way too cocky. I had the feeling like we're not going to go in there stomping the whole team because it's just on national television, it was a real close scoring game up until the, you know, to two point conversion.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah because yeah the Giants they're going good this year so I knew that was gonna be a battle because Giants are playing
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's unfortunate for the record, but you know, most of their losses are within a real scoring game, all
SPEAKER_R: yeah it's
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: close margin for all of them. So
SPEAKER_L: exactly. So it's their, their record doesn't reflect it. But yeah, I can see why like most teams go in there real cocky and lo and behold us until we stop the two point conversion. I'm like a huge sigh of relief.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Who's Tampa Bay play next?
SPEAKER_L: Um We play at Carolina. Sunday,
SPEAKER_R: You guys have a tough schedule common. Don't they play Kansas City? And the Rams? I thought is that the random? Okay
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so we play I think Kansas city um the week of thanksgiving and then L. A. The following monday night.
SPEAKER_R: okay I don't know why they're saying the rams is gonna be a tough one. The RAMs are kind of up and
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: down this year but Kansas City yeah that's gonna be that will be a test right there.
SPEAKER_L: Oh that would be a true test. Like it's uh one would think or hopefully think it would be like a super bowl matchup or something outcome.
SPEAKER_R: or the A. F. C. Championship game basically. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: it's go figure like the night uh when I first came back into the season, working for the team and then I actually went to his team store and bought a brady jersey was like go figure of all nights I by brady jersey, the team lose horrendously not just lose. It was horrendously, it's like a bad bad luck or something.
SPEAKER_R: maybe put it away for a little bit.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I know because I was waiting to get the brady jersey, but you know, I don't want to buy it because you know, I get employee discount half off, you know, for buying it. So I was like, I finally
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: get
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: before.
SPEAKER_L: buy the turkey. Hopefully I get the word with pride. Like this upcoming sunday.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Are they playing Kansas city? In Tampa Bay? Are they playing in Kansas city?
SPEAKER_L: I think there playing in Kansas city easy because that would make a difference. Uh They are no Kansas city is here. Um Oh, so they play okay monday night versus L. A. Here and then Kansas city here in the following sunday. So both primetime games,
SPEAKER_R: Nice. Is that a nighttime game against Kansas City or is that it? Uh
SPEAKER_L: It's afternoon 4 25.
SPEAKER_R: uh Well we might get it depends on what the jaguars are playing that day. Uh
SPEAKER_L: I would assume you would get in Jacksonville because um, it's gonna be on Cbs. So I'm assuming TVs being Jacksonville A. F. C. Unfinished.
SPEAKER_R: They will show that they'll show the jaguar is normally though.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I don't know what time the jaguars play that sunday.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah hopefully they don't hopefully their offer.
SPEAKER_L: we have Lenard for net here and no, yeah, sunday he didn't do great. I mean he's been pretty good so far. The team here.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I thought that was a good pickup. Gronkowski was a good pick up you know um AJ Brown I'm kind of you know I don't know how well he's going to do. I mean I know he's a good player and everything but he has a lot of baggage.
SPEAKER_L: that it's uh I mean he's quite so far. We'll just see how the rest of the season plays out.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah because can brady keep them quiet for the rest of the season.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Exactly. Um I mean we did sign them of course regard, you know, off the field, but we we took him at a stealing of the price Because
SPEAKER_R: A good price
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I think his big salaries like 700,000 but he has all these incentives built within the season with all the catch is, you know, yard it. And then if the books books was Super bowl, we'll get X amount type of thing.
SPEAKER_R: Okay so it makes this worth its while to behave maybe. And
SPEAKER_L: Exactly, yeah. I mean it's pretty smart deal. You think about it. Yeah, you'll get all the controversy by taking up this player at the same time. He knows he's on the line. I think this is his final chance that he just grew up again. Honestly as he knows that Tampa's last stop with tom brady, you know, bringing him in Tampa Bay, especially with all these incentives built into his contract. So like if you can't get this done, I think it will be like black balls from the lake moving forward.
SPEAKER_R: good chance then. Yeah. Because I know brady brady had him in New England last year for a short moment, played one game with him and then he was going after that. But that don't think anything to do with brady at the time. I think it was just thing is catching up with Brown at the time. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: His court case I think is in december and I'm not sure that if he is found guilty of all these allegations, I'm thinking as well, the team is going to come as well too because of course if he's found guilty, definitely not even a worse image for the keeping the player knowing that he was convicted of whatever crimes he committed.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And the NFL of course then we'll take action to and ban them from the league at that point.
SPEAKER_L: exactly. I mean by that time when the court is, I think it just started in december, but I mean if it's, you know, concealed delivered by then, um, yeah, he's going to be, you know, sentence what not. So what's the incentive of keeping him area?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Didn't wasn't he supposed to have an eight game suspension for something?
SPEAKER_L: Well, it was already, uh, so the game sunday was him coming off the suspension.
SPEAKER_R: Really? That was already eight games. Okay. I guess that was yeah, you guys had a six and two records, so Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I know. It's
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: amazing how this season has been flying by period.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it has that was like eight games already, wow. Already, halfway through the season. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: No, the thing is, is that um, Tampa years hosting the Super Bowl as well. So I mean they already announced it for now. They keep tapping capacity at 20%. So um, I mean we'll see. I think that's the whole point of brady coming here is to go to another team, make it better have all the tools in the offense and the other person forever to play in the Super Bowl with the games being hosted ball.
SPEAKER_R: In the same town. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. It's never been done in NFL history. I think if he's able to obtain that benchmark, you know, go to the Super Bowl and actually when it is not too, he has all the reasons to retire.
SPEAKER_R: Good reason then.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, yeah, a lot of people know he's to go point. I think this is like, you know, the icing on the cake right over here. He's able to take another team. This is Super Bowl. And then when the Super Bowl, another team in the same town, it's being hosted. I mean, what other accolade, any other person history at this time could be made for that.
SPEAKER_R: It's just one more thing brady wants to chalk up. Of course,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, exactly. And you look at the pictures right now. I think I saw for the game. You would think all this time is Bill Belichick unfortunately, wasn't it? Was brady carry the
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: team.
SPEAKER_R: look look what the patriots are doing right now,
SPEAKER_L: exactly. It's not good. It's driving more to an image even regardless of the bucks win that, you know, Without breaking the box regardless or six and three, but the patriots are 1-6. What you want, 70.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think they I think they did when they beat the Jets together day. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: okay. So, okay. So there are three, three and six.
SPEAKER_R: I think they got three games now, two or three games they've won, and I was like well still that's not New England,
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: it is not.
SPEAKER_R: it's not how, I don't know how Belichick is handling that, I mean if he was prepared for that mentally at the beginning of the season that it wasn't gonna be the same or
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: he thought he was just gonna win still.
SPEAKER_L: I'm regardless of the fact, um, in a couple weeks and I go to thanksgiving, I'm going to go up for my fiancee's family's from, so they're up in Connecticut, so the whole new England area is still crazy. So I'm still going to win or lose, I'm still going to bust out the tom brady jersey that I bought to wear on my flight to into Connecticut.
SPEAKER_R: exactly, I think they'll still like it. I mean they love brady, I mean I don't think have ill feelings about them um maybe just a little bit, but overall it was a decision that was made, you know? So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Hey look, I was one of those on the bandwagon, I hated him every time, you know, hatred go up there, I'm not gonna lie. Like I was that one of those people that hated tom brady, you know, being in the Super Bowl, in the house, he's able to do it and then he comes into Tampa with limited practice, you know? And Uh, and limited everything. Like you still have a 63 record, I'm still satisfied.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, this shows he still has the skills and stuff to play. Uh, but yeah, you're as bad as I am. Yeah, I didn't, you know, kind of like every time he goes the super bowl and stuff, I was like mad. It was like, not again and I have a lot of friends up in massachusetts. So it was always, you know, they always give me grief for it. So every time I went up to massachusetts, yeah, I hear about, you know, brady and patriots and all that. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Last last year I went to boston for thanksgiving. If I went up there this year I would have most definitely wore the jersey as well to, you know, going into the boston. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: All right,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. The strange thing is my flight is going from from Tampa to JFK because all the flights somehow, I guess just because of Covid and original, my flight was going from Tampa the Connecticut, but Southwest decided to change my flight on me, it went from instead of Tampa the Baltimore to Connecticut, which is fine on the way it changed from Tampa to Chicago to Connecticut and it took eight hours.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. You got to go a long way around.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I was like no, I'm not going to take southwest for this one even though I lost southwest. So I decided to get on a JetBlue flight, even much cheaper from Tampa to JFK for like under $100. And then the only thing is my fiancee will pick me up from JFK to Connecticut because I didn't know it's only like a two hour drive from there to Connecticut.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's actually pretty close.
SPEAKER_L: All right, so I'm gonna do that. And then unfortunately the flights are so expensive that sunday because I guess everyone in America is flying back, we're just going to take a road trip all the way back to here. Yeah, never done that. So it's gonna be real interesting. I've never done an east coast, the furthest I've ever done. Also from Tampa to like North Carolina was like 13 hours.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I was gonna say, isn't this like about 15 hours or something?
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I think at least Probably in 1920 hours if anything. So I mean and plus if it's snowing up there, I told her I have no idea how to drive in the snow. So I'm going to let you do that part and once it's no players I'll be driving you know the rest of the way back home
SPEAKER_R: thanks.
SPEAKER_L: I've been told I just don't I don't have any idea how to drive in the snow. So I'm just gonna let her you know she was born and raised up there like let her deal with it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it takes experience. I've driven it up in massachusetts before and I didn't like it because it was like, I'm not used to this, you know, the breaking, you know, just getting used to the sliding here and there. It's just like, okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No it's one thing and the rain you know how horrible Um raise get even for five minutes it gets like so you know thick in front of you 10 ft. You can't even see. I'm fine with that but snow's just another level.
SPEAKER_R: Exactly. And I thought it would come, you know, it's like riding a bicycle, you slipped in Montana and it snows a lot there and I knew how to drive and all that. But when I go back to massachusetts now, it's like, I don't know, you know, it's like, it's not the same forgotten that after living in florida for so long. It's
SPEAKER_L: Kind
SPEAKER_R: something,
SPEAKER_L: of lose him.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I used the skill you got to keep up on you because
SPEAKER_L: Yeah exactly. The only thing I said you just get the rain with the oil slick roads and that's about it. So
SPEAKER_R: yeah, and that's easy to handle. I mean, I lived in California too and that's what they get from, you know, being so dry for so many months and then it finally rains and they get slippery from the oil. But here, it's not that bad. You know, if it rains, add a little bit of water on the road, you know, just cruise right along.
SPEAKER_L: that's true. Yeah. I just hope uh this path is just so unsure for for this tropical story, it might come back into hurricane status. I mean, it's supposed to be against near Tampa Bay on thursday. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean they keep on shifting words how close it gets to the coast and you know, you know, we're wonder okay, is it going to come anywhere near up to this area? We're gonna get some ring from it, you know, what's going to happen and you
SPEAKER_L: in
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: Syria it's so uncertain. I'm amazed how so many spaghetti models like literally change every like time that they posted within him.
SPEAKER_R: the last time I looked, I think they said they were gonna push it more east again in the next update and I'm like, okay, like to kind of make my plans, you know, what's the weather going to be like in the next few days?
SPEAKER_L: it's true. And you know, it's I'm hoping, you know, saturday it doesn't ring because, you know, we go in our weekly trips to Disney world over here. So I'm like, I just hope it doesn't know the real soaked over here. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Um Good.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: You like going to Disney World lot then, Huh,
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, we go uh at least once once a week, so well we got to pay for the annual pass, you know.
SPEAKER_R: Get your money's worth out of it. Are you able to get in? How hard is it to get in? I know you had to have reservations and they were talking about annual pass holders kind of like maybe pushed back a little bit.
SPEAKER_L: Um So it's sometimes like in a couple of weeks, like it's hard to get in because they allotted for so many for just guests just to go for the day versus, you know, resort guests and annual pass holders. So they have the system in the calendar showing you know how many they have left essentially with a green mark for which park, so they refresh it, like for passover is like once a week. So if you keep your eye on this calendar, you can go into the hardest part which is the Hollywood studios, you know, maybe at least once a month, but you have to really keep an eye on that calendar. So
SPEAKER_R: would think Hollywood Studios is probably a little bit less people going to that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: even with the capacity, but even with the portico being full compared to the other parks um with the cab I find it a lot more enjoyable versus Magic Kingdom. All the rides are just horrendously long. Uh Animal kingdom is only a couple of rides and then you know, kept up with all the construction that's happening essentially to me in my opinion it's useless. It's, I love that before with all the construction and revamping, but you know, right now it's really not a sight to see.
SPEAKER_R: mm it's not you don't want to go to Epcot now you just
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: wait till we're
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: done.
SPEAKER_L: last time I went was the reopening back in like early august, but every other weekend since I found, you know, to the other three parks, but the majority of my visits or Hollywood studios now,
SPEAKER_R: Nice. What? I've never been into Hollywood Studios yet, we've gone to the other ones except for Hollywood. What's in Hollywood studios?
SPEAKER_L: um I think the main draw is the Star Wars, Galaxy's Edge, so it opened last year. Um you're totally immersed who you have a true life size version of the millennium falcon. Um They have a couple of new rights that's just so immersive with the technology. Um, and just going into the queue itself, just experience it, it really brings you in.
SPEAKER_R: Okay so there is some stuff to do there that keep you busy and enjoy.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, yeah. I find the rights and Hollywood are the best versus the other three parts.
SPEAKER_R: Okay and stuff to do for kids and stuff in there?
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, plenty of Toy Story land. You got a couple of kids rides, like we'll shoot robbers over here that my fiance and I love to do because it's almost the shortest wait and then you're always trying to compete with the score every time you're going to write. It's
SPEAKER_R: fun.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's highly recommended. Um if I were, if I were paying guests for one day, um it's crazy that the weekdays are busier than the weekend because I think the weekends, more pass holders like myself go to the park. So we grabbed more of the allotment versus the weekdays where I guess typical people coming from out of state, you know, grab up those passes.
SPEAKER_R: It's still busy even with schools going back and people travelling less, there's
SPEAKER_L: Uh Yeah, amazingly, I I don't know how, I just don't find how the numbers work for that.
SPEAKER_R: unless there's people from within florida still traveling
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's true. Um I'll still be amazed even with kids, you know, going to school, especially this november now, like even with virtual school, what they're supposed to be like in class or something, so, oh, I'm not a parent, so it's not my decision to worry about.
SPEAKER_R: Unless they're doing their virtual school, why they're in Disney world
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean, it would make sense. You have wifi any hotels, so if they're able to do that and go to the park after violence.
SPEAKER_R: something different. Yes. Uh so I assume you don't have kids yet then?
SPEAKER_L: No, No, No. one day. Yes, but not this time.
SPEAKER_R: Not not at this point. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Just because whatever everything happening, we had a few trips canceled just because of the covid situation. So we're gonna try again to have those trips next year and one day try to go to Disney land, you know, see the original place.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, Disneyland's nice to, it's not as big or as they spread out as Disney world is because they don't have much land there. But the California adventure and Disneyland both were great parks. It's similar to Magic Kingdom. Disneyland is um because we, you know, we went to Disneyland multiple times and of course we went to Magic Kingdom and you know, quite a few times and we saw the similarities between them. It was very close but they're both separate parks and you know, it's interesting and you have fun in either one of them. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, my ultimate duty is to do all the parks, you know, Disney parks around the world, but hopefully next year, you know, fingers crossed with everything getting better. Go to Disneyland and visit both parks.
SPEAKER_R: Exactly. We're going to go next year.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, Hopefully. I mean it just depends how, you know, the financial situation is with the job or you know, the economy's good or what not. So we'll just have to see.
SPEAKER_R: And things are open up and because this is still not open right now,
SPEAKER_L: No. Um I don't think they predict at this point now that, you know, I'm just going to aim for 20, opening.
SPEAKER_R: wow, it's you know, I don't know if you can tell the two different states, you know, like you were talking about the Super Bowl as you said, Captain, what? 20% now as our governor going to go for that or is he going to order
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: them
SPEAKER_L: he
SPEAKER_R: to?
SPEAKER_L: wants he wants it for.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's what I thought.
SPEAKER_L: But the NFL Yes, self imposed at 20%. But they said it just for now. I mean things could change easily three months of vaccines out or something like or I don't know if they have a plan. Like you take a rapid Covid test or something and you know, your negative. You should be good to go. I have no idea how they, how that's going to find out.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's Tampa Bay gearing up for that. I mean normally with that, you know, they have all kinds of, you know, week of NFL parties and all kinds of things going on.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. I mean it would be great. I think this will be the fourth or fifth time we've hosted, so um we know how to plan it, but I think it's just a lot of different delays of construction projects around here and how some of the things has to be altered now regardless even if the place, you know, three months from now looks a little better.
SPEAKER_R: Wow. Okay. Yeah, that's, that's a lot to take on, you know, and especially with the covid going on, how do they handle all the festivities? You know, because that's a big part of the, you know, hosting the super bowls, all the stuff that goes with it. You know, then the kind of the game is, you know, the second part of it.
SPEAKER_L: yep. Exactly, yeah, it's the week, it's always the week leading up to it that um, you know when Tampa hosted the national championship called football game here. So I think it was Alabama and Clemson and nothing but complaints, not complaints, compliments from everyone from both sides. Like wow, we have pretty good weather here. We had the convention center, we had a lot of draw for both Alabama and Clemson fans here. And I think we also talked about the stadium because we can expand the stands from 66 to 74,000. So it was, yeah, I saw extra seats I've never seen before into the stadium. I'm like, Wow, that's pretty nice.
SPEAKER_R: are they way up in the sky?
SPEAKER_L: No, actually there in the end zone because the enzymes open because there's food courts behind it. So I'm assuming they close the food courts behind the both end zones and they just put the extra temporary stands right behind it.
SPEAKER_R: okay, right in there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Where the pirate ship is? Um, just built like, I guess another temporary stands for that side as well too. So from 66 to 74 like that. That was actually our new record For Raymond James Stadium was 74,000.
SPEAKER_R: prevent many people in it. So yeah, you guys got a lot to look forward to. Are you working that game where you don't know yet?
SPEAKER_L: Our finger. I know, I have no idea if the bucks don't make it. I don't know if I'm still, typically, I've heard, you know, they use the local team in normal times, you know, with extensive know the stadium and how to get the volunteers and watching out for like the american ceremony. But um, I don't know how this has changed up now for the Super Bowl.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, you just keep your fingers crossed and you can hang out with the whole game,
SPEAKER_L: I just hope, you know, the bucks keep on going. But you know, worst case scenario if they don't make it, you know, hopefully the NFL still uses, you know, the buccaneers employees one way or another to assist with the Super Bowl. It is a mammoth task to get done.
SPEAKER_R: right? So hopefully that goes that way and you can hang out for the game and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'll do. And I don't care if I don't get paid if I can build it just to see the game periods, like I'm to speak it enthusiastic.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, exactly. And just see everything that goes along with it, you know, nice halftime
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: shows and all that
SPEAKER_L: because,
SPEAKER_R: stuff. Nice.
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: Um so have you ever done, you've done these conversations before on prolific.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. So this will be my fourth time doing this. So
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: it's,
SPEAKER_R: there go ahead.
SPEAKER_L: I was going to say how many times you've done this.
SPEAKER_R: This will be my third time. So just right up there with you and uh it's good to see that they keep on expanding it. So now you can do seven instead of six. It was on the last round.
SPEAKER_L: It's so fascinating how, you know, especially after this, their payoff is like immediately the next morning. It's just amazing how it's quick turnaround pain
SPEAKER_R: they are they're they're very good this golf whatever this lab that's doing it has done a very good job with it and that's why I stick with it. I said I don't mind giving up you know 45 minutes of my time, you know and giving it a shot you know keep on doing, go for another round and sometimes you know I've had people not show up um that's happened a couple of times but usually everybody's on time in there so
SPEAKER_L: and how much would you get paid if it was you know after you wait X amount of minutes? No one shows up.
SPEAKER_R: You only get like a dollar 50 or something, you know it's very minimal. Yeah and so then you could but you can reschedule right away and hopefully you know they get somebody in the next couple of days or something depending on what your schedule is it.
SPEAKER_L: I put minds towards the evening because uh for now I work from home so it's easy to just you know as soon as I clock out from the day from the office just put this song here and just have a casual conversation.
SPEAKER_R: I do the same thing like I'll do like early in the morning or four o'clock in the afternoon and then after dinner our, you know then try and do a couple hours before it's too late and see if something pops up and you know, so I mean it's a nice little thing. How long have you been on prolific now?
SPEAKER_L: I actually started in january because my fiance she told me about this
SPEAKER_R: Okay. It's you do a lot of the different studies and stuff on there,
SPEAKER_L: um this would be the most I've done like this type of here from the most paying, but most of them of course is just like And 15 minutes tops for a couple of pounds.
SPEAKER_R: Right? And there's someone that pay better, you know that they have longer ones um that you know that might be an hour long or something for a study and they'll pay you know sometimes $10-$15 for him. It's a nice thing just to do in the evening or something or just free time say one pops up here, put it on there as a little extra money is what I say,
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I mean especially you know money from this would be used for you know Disney trip this upcoming weekend.
SPEAKER_R: buy some extra things then. Well like you said hopefully the weather cooperates this weekend for you there.
SPEAKER_L: I just hope you have this thing just pushes more out west so that you know come saturday I don't care if it's breezy or little rainy, I just don't want to be drenching drinks out there so.
SPEAKER_R: just if not when you can put on a part, you know uh rain thing and go in and just dodge the rain here and they're usually just balls, you know. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: and if it's just a squall line yeah by all means it's just gonna be like 1520 minutes and that's it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so and of course it's still nice and warm. November can't beat that, you're gonna be going to Connecticut where it's cold come december.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it would be nice to change. I have a different change of scenery here.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah exactly. Hopefully get some snow. Nice, good.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: I enjoyed
SPEAKER_L: I guess
SPEAKER_R: my conversation. Huh?
SPEAKER_L: yeah I appreciate it was a pleasure speaking to you as well.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we carried on for almost 40 minutes so not bad and I got, you know, it was nice that we talked about something that we have a general interest in which was the NFL first
SPEAKER_L: On.
SPEAKER_R: we didn't touch from the Jackson on the jacket fire. So that's a
SPEAKER_L: huh
SPEAKER_R: good thing
SPEAKER_L: You'll you'll have your rebuilding season next year.
SPEAKER_R: when it was supposed to be this year.
SPEAKER_L: I know. Yeah. With Min chow.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, men's you're just like, you know, but I watch you know nick Foles and he's doing pretty good. It's like
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I know it's funny how it works when he's on a different team.
SPEAKER_R: yeah I mean I was worried when he came to Jacksonville because you know he was so injury prone and you know I just figured he wasn't gonna do anything for us. And sure enough he didn't but goes to Chicago, he's doing a lot better there.
SPEAKER_L: I know. It's always funny how that works out.
SPEAKER_R: But I'm I'm a Denver bronco fan so I really I'm not really a Jacksonville fan either. Mhm. But I'm
SPEAKER_L: I just hope
SPEAKER_R: fan.
SPEAKER_L: you do. You didn't hate when the bucks beat the broncos a few weeks ago, so.
SPEAKER_R: No they're having still bad year so it's it you know it can continue on. That's fine. They're in their rebuilding still and it'll be a few years till they get back to where they were uh You know it was there was some heartache games against brady. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I know the history of between those two.
SPEAKER_R: yeah so it's like yeah it's they'll rebuild and move on. But at the same time I like I watched the jaguars because they are local and you know. Stationing I'll go to see a game there when it's a team that I want to see certain players play.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I don't blame you at all.
SPEAKER_R: You know, it's a team that I like and I want to say I want to go see, you know, you know, Pittsburgh play, you know, a good team play, you know, I go there to watch them and
SPEAKER_L: And it's probably still cheaper if you're going to go to Pittsburgh to see a game there too. So
SPEAKER_R: Exactly, I mean, I don't know what it costs in Tampa but it's a lot cheaper here and um to go see a game. So with
SPEAKER_L: I think, I think it's like six at one point the nose bleeds for like $65, but of course, you know, with limited capacity, it blew up, you know, the pricing of the game. So No.
SPEAKER_R: that's probably yeah, more than I would want to spend to go to a nosebleed and probably like probably 2, 300 to get into it now, right,
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I've seen tickets on StubHub, at least 200 you have to buy, uh, I think the seats coming forward, so you'd have to buy all four seats or something. So
SPEAKER_R: end up just two of you going, you know?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, you have to buy two empty seats because they try to you know social distance these seats but it comes in a pot of four. So yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's how I was wondering how they did that, you know, how they broke it down for, you know, Um keep it limited to 15,000 people, so how did they sell the tickets out
SPEAKER_L: Yeah so if you sell for at the time it's possible but hopefully you can find them through other people that you can divvy up the price as well.
SPEAKER_R: exactly? But you said no tailgating either, which is kind of like, that kills it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that kills, I just don't understand why people still show up at the last minute.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, because that's, I mean I do that, I have some friends who are good jaguar, you know, they're they're diehard jaguars fans and of course they tailgate, so whenever I go to a game we always go to the tailgate, you know, and have some fun before the for the game and that's part of the game, you know, it's part of
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean don't get me wrong I love tailgating you know when I was the opposite role but um you know during these times I just don't understand what happened. Are you still showing up late to the game? Especially when parking which should be really an issue
SPEAKER_R: exactly, he probably
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: could park real close and
SPEAKER_L: Exactly yeah. I mean 15,000 versus 66% of an issue. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: think I lost your video, but I have your audio,
SPEAKER_L: Oh okay. Well I get you know I don't know if that would be it but it was a pleasure speaking to you.
SPEAKER_R: it was a pleasure, it's nice meeting you and you have a good evening there in in Tampa Bay
SPEAKER_L: Likewise in Jacksonville.
SPEAKER_R: and um have a good night,
SPEAKER_L: Alright. You too appreciate it.