Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah
I can.
Good evening.
I'm actually in florida.
I'm brian nice to meet you.
Um Just south of Tampa.
You said you're in Jacksonville. Okay.
Um Clearwater is about an hour drive but
I'm,
yeah
well north and then you got to go across the bay
Yep. Just actually 20 minutes north of breaking in. Yeah.
Um I've only been through passing the closest I've ever came to ST Augustine.
Okay that's nice. It's a beautiful area. Um I don't venture as much to the atlantic coast as as often as I should.
Oh yeah I mean well not for the next couple of days or so that's for sure.
Um I mean we had a couple of fronts that came through today couple squall lines but um besides that I don't think I would or should need to prepare us and drastic as it's still the tropical storm status. So.
correct. Yeah I mean I feel sorry for those who were in the path before and it was like at one point a category four
I never, in my lifetime um ever seen a storm bed just like goes literally zigzagging them and just going up north.
Yeah, I've never seen that before. It's very interesting.
I did see some videos near Key West, some minor flooding. But I think at one point over the weekend Or Sunday, I think at some areas like around Miami was up to 5" of rain.
very
much.
No, I mean 20 if that ever were to come through in my area I'd say a decent amount around here might be flooding. I mean I don't live in the flood zone.
No.
Yeah. It's a like I said today just more most part was very windy um saturday and sunday. Um, not so much rain, but I work part time with the Tampa bay buccaneers. So I was working at sunday night game where it was windy, but a little bit of rain where I was working outside,
I'm with the game operations. Um, but because of Covid this year doesn't change the scope and everything. With my position, I usually was the person along with other coordinators on the field with the big american flag ceremony. So
freaking, yep. At the beginning pregame festivities, uh, with the buccaneers flag holding it out, just coordinating all the volunteers. I'm living like a few points like touching the other players, the opposing players that is like right in their face. Um, and just coordinating the whole point because it has to be synchronized to the NFL timeline. So, but because of covid everything, you know, the precautions that they have to take in, um, understood that my position was for this season eliminated. So I changed up to, I guess more guest relations role just to keep my tenure there for this season. And then sunday my first time working at the game, especially something like football, even for 15,000 capacity, like my role was to Make sure everyone had their COVID-19 waiver essentially filled out on their phone. So every
person
that walks money. Oh
yeah, it's, it's a questionnaire that they scan with their QR code asking, you know, basically just, you know, reduce the liability for the team in NFL from being sued if they do contract it Um stating, you know, you haven't met with a person 14 days, you haven't traveled internationally. What not basically you can lie through the whole thing and then all I need to see was just a green checkmark stating that you completed and you're good to go. So
yeah, it's really interesting and it's always, it's always true to fashion that. Um, you know, before, when they open up the gates, there's a nice steady string people coming through, no problem. But then right before kickoff it's always that big slew of people just like bum rushing through the door.
I'm just like, even with a socially distance game, I'm like, and with no tailgating, I just don't understand how people still show at the very last minute. It's one thing, you know, for 60,000 capacity, you know, parking is horrendous. You know, you're trying to spend some time outside the stadium at Sunday night trying to enjoy it, but like seriously trying to bum rush everyone and then complain and grab them on. Like typically just like all you need to see is just a green check mark that you did it if you didn't have live pads over here to complete and that's it,
correct?
Yeah. So I had security because we had for at one to get like six people in one lane. So you know, I don't know why they picked my lane for some reason trying everyone bum rushing, but I had to stop. Just need to see green checkmark. That's it. It's not scanned the secure code to say, you know, the majority questions or no sign. Show me the green check mark. Go to security and you can won't be free. Yeah, So it's, it's, it's a bit challenging at times. I mean like I said, it was nice and beginning a little stressful towards the game time. Um, I was supposed to be there for the whole game, but my virginal scope was just to be there originally four hours and then leave. So I'm like, I can't stay from like I was there from 3:30. I was supposed to stay there until midnight. I'm like, I can't do that. Not on a Sunday night, right before I go to work. Yeah.
Oh yeah. And typically my my role is, you know, after we do the flag ceremonies were on the main concourse, coordinating, you know, whenever the box score, we wait like these fucking your flags and the main concourse. So have all these volunteers, you know, basically get ready. So I'm supposed to watch the game and watch any place. What not to tell these volunteers away the flags, but not this season. Yeah.
No,
no. Uh yeah. The the outcome of that game was just, I didn't expect it. I didn't even see the first quarter of it because I was working and then walking back to my car. But um, yeah, I didn't I didn't no one saw that coming for that score.
Yeah, that's true. I mean regard even though that's the worst game on record, um you know, I hope they fine tune in once again. I really was hoping for the win because the first game I understand no preseason, you know, no O. T. A. S offseason horrible first game versus your leans. But I did not see this coming like coming back with a vengeance.
No,
the defense, Yeah, it was all facets from the offensive line to the defense, not being able to stop the passing for Drew Brees are running. Yeah. Steve lewis running attempt game. An inability 3-5 times four both sides.
I could
not
believe
in it.
Yeah. And he threw three picks is, well, I'm just like great. You would think having Antonio brown in the game, we're just elevated everyone else and then made it that much easier to throw the ball around. But I guess um with the offensive line being too cocky is just one person I know for the offensive line. I hate him with a passion. He's horrible. He can't block. I don't know why we have this player.
Oh yeah, yeah. I have no fear that you know, brady's gonna chew him out just like he did in Chicago game, you know, his offensive center um chewing him out just because of the stupid, reckless, you know, offensive line penalties. So
tried and true, you know, born and raised in here. You have always been a fan even through the Winston years.
Yeah. The irony of it at the end of the game. Um I saw Jamis Winston during his famous thought eating the w type of hand signals, postgame interview. And I'm just like, really dude, you're gonna do that towards the bucks after you gave the books five years of like basically nothing. You know, you just threw one pass in the game, you didn't win the game if he won the game for them, That's one thing he had every right to do that to show up his former team. But you're only there for like a few minutes you through one past and then you want to show off on national television by saying, you know, eat the wind buccaneers. I'm like, forget you. Yeah.
Uh No, I mean, Mhm. I really do think maybe it's our like being our third loss so far. Like after the first thing with new Orleans, we won I think three striking and then we lost Chicago and then we want another three games and we lost now. So I don't know that this might be a pattern or something. We just have to realign ourselves, Get refocused onto coffee like you know that giants game on monday or sunday night monday. Actually
we were just way too cocky. I had the feeling like we're not going to go in there stomping the whole team because it's just on national television, it was a real close scoring game up until the, you know, to two point conversion.
Yeah, it's unfortunate for the record, but you know, most of their losses are within a real scoring game, all
of
exactly. So it's their, their record doesn't reflect it. But yeah, I can see why like most teams go in there real cocky and lo and behold us until we stop the two point conversion. I'm like a huge sigh of relief.
Um We play at Carolina. Sunday,
Yeah, so we play I think Kansas city um the week of thanksgiving and then L. A. The following monday night.
No.
Oh that would be a true test. Like it's uh one would think or hopefully think it would be like a super bowl matchup or something outcome.
it's go figure like the night uh when I first came back into the season, working for the team and then I actually went to his team store and bought a brady jersey was like go figure of all nights I by brady jersey, the team lose horrendously not just lose. It was horrendously, it's like a bad bad luck or something.
Yeah, I know because I was waiting to get the brady jersey, but you know, I don't want to buy it because you know, I get employee discount half off, you know, for buying it. So I was like, I finally
get
to
buy the turkey. Hopefully I get the word with pride. Like this upcoming sunday.
I think there playing in Kansas city easy because that would make a difference. Uh They are no Kansas city is here. Um Oh, so they play okay monday night versus L. A. Here and then Kansas city here in the following sunday. So both primetime games,
It's afternoon 4 25.
I would assume you would get in Jacksonville because um, it's gonna be on Cbs. So I'm assuming TVs being Jacksonville A. F. C. Unfinished.
Yeah, I don't know what time the jaguars play that sunday.
we have Lenard for net here and no, yeah, sunday he didn't do great. I mean he's been pretty good so far. The team here.
that it's uh I mean he's quite so far. We'll just see how the rest of the season plays out.
Right. Exactly. Um I mean we did sign them of course regard, you know, off the field, but we we took him at a stealing of the price Because
yeah, I think his big salaries like 700,000 but he has all these incentives built within the season with all the catch is, you know, yard it. And then if the books books was Super bowl, we'll get X amount type of thing.
Exactly, yeah. I mean it's pretty smart deal. You think about it. Yeah, you'll get all the controversy by taking up this player at the same time. He knows he's on the line. I think this is his final chance that he just grew up again. Honestly as he knows that Tampa's last stop with tom brady, you know, bringing him in Tampa Bay, especially with all these incentives built into his contract. So like if you can't get this done, I think it will be like black balls from the lake moving forward.
His court case I think is in december and I'm not sure that if he is found guilty of all these allegations, I'm thinking as well, the team is going to come as well too because of course if he's found guilty, definitely not even a worse image for the keeping the player knowing that he was convicted of whatever crimes he committed.
exactly. I mean by that time when the court is, I think it just started in december, but I mean if it's, you know, concealed delivered by then, um, yeah, he's going to be, you know, sentence what not. So what's the incentive of keeping him area?
Well, it was already, uh, so the game sunday was him coming off the suspension.
I know. It's
amazing how this season has been flying by period.
No, the thing is, is that um, Tampa years hosting the Super Bowl as well. So I mean they already announced it for now. They keep tapping capacity at 20%. So um, I mean we'll see. I think that's the whole point of brady coming here is to go to another team, make it better have all the tools in the offense and the other person forever to play in the Super Bowl with the games being hosted ball.
Mhm. It's never been done in NFL history. I think if he's able to obtain that benchmark, you know, go to the Super Bowl and actually when it is not too, he has all the reasons to retire.
I mean, yeah, a lot of people know he's to go point. I think this is like, you know, the icing on the cake right over here. He's able to take another team. This is Super Bowl. And then when the Super Bowl, another team in the same town, it's being hosted. I mean, what other accolade, any other person history at this time could be made for that.
Yeah, exactly. And you look at the pictures right now. I think I saw for the game. You would think all this time is Bill Belichick unfortunately, wasn't it? Was brady carry the
team.
exactly. It's not good. It's driving more to an image even regardless of the bucks win that, you know, Without breaking the box regardless or six and three, but the patriots are 1-6. What you want, 70.
okay. So, okay. So there are three, three and six.
No,
it is not.
And
I'm regardless of the fact, um, in a couple weeks and I go to thanksgiving, I'm going to go up for my fiancee's family's from, so they're up in Connecticut, so the whole new England area is still crazy. So I'm still going to win or lose, I'm still going to bust out the tom brady jersey that I bought to wear on my flight to into Connecticut.
Yeah. Hey look, I was one of those on the bandwagon, I hated him every time, you know, hatred go up there, I'm not gonna lie. Like I was that one of those people that hated tom brady, you know, being in the Super Bowl, in the house, he's able to do it and then he comes into Tampa with limited practice, you know? And Uh, and limited everything. Like you still have a 63 record, I'm still satisfied.
yeah. Last last year I went to boston for thanksgiving. If I went up there this year I would have most definitely wore the jersey as well to, you know, going into the boston. Yeah.
Yeah. The strange thing is my flight is going from from Tampa to JFK because all the flights somehow, I guess just because of Covid and original, my flight was going from Tampa the Connecticut, but Southwest decided to change my flight on me, it went from instead of Tampa the Baltimore to Connecticut, which is fine on the way it changed from Tampa to Chicago to Connecticut and it took eight hours.
Yeah, I was like no, I'm not going to take southwest for this one even though I lost southwest. So I decided to get on a JetBlue flight, even much cheaper from Tampa to JFK for like under $100. And then the only thing is my fiancee will pick me up from JFK to Connecticut because I didn't know it's only like a two hour drive from there to Connecticut.
All right, so I'm gonna do that. And then unfortunately the flights are so expensive that sunday because I guess everyone in America is flying back, we're just going to take a road trip all the way back to here. Yeah, never done that. So it's gonna be real interesting. I've never done an east coast, the furthest I've ever done. Also from Tampa to like North Carolina was like 13 hours.
Oh, I think at least Probably in 1920 hours if anything. So I mean and plus if it's snowing up there, I told her I have no idea how to drive in the snow. So I'm going to let you do that part and once it's no players I'll be driving you know the rest of the way back home
I've been told I just don't I don't have any idea how to drive in the snow. So I'm just gonna let her you know she was born and raised up there like let her deal with it.
Yeah. No it's one thing and the rain you know how horrible Um raise get even for five minutes it gets like so you know thick in front of you 10 ft. You can't even see. I'm fine with that but snow's just another level.
Kind
of lose him.
Yeah exactly. The only thing I said you just get the rain with the oil slick roads and that's about it. So
that's true. Yeah. I just hope uh this path is just so unsure for for this tropical story, it might come back into hurricane status. I mean, it's supposed to be against near Tampa Bay on thursday. So
in
Syria it's so uncertain. I'm amazed how so many spaghetti models like literally change every like time that they posted within him.
it's true. And you know, it's I'm hoping, you know, saturday it doesn't ring because, you know, we go in our weekly trips to Disney world over here. So I'm like, I just hope it doesn't know the real soaked over here. Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh yeah, we go uh at least once once a week, so well we got to pay for the annual pass, you know.
Um So it's sometimes like in a couple of weeks, like it's hard to get in because they allotted for so many for just guests just to go for the day versus, you know, resort guests and annual pass holders. So they have the system in the calendar showing you know how many they have left essentially with a green mark for which park, so they refresh it, like for passover is like once a week. So if you keep your eye on this calendar, you can go into the hardest part which is the Hollywood studios, you know, maybe at least once a month, but you have to really keep an eye on that calendar. So
even with the capacity, but even with the portico being full compared to the other parks um with the cab I find it a lot more enjoyable versus Magic Kingdom. All the rides are just horrendously long. Uh Animal kingdom is only a couple of rides and then you know, kept up with all the construction that's happening essentially to me in my opinion it's useless. It's, I love that before with all the construction and revamping, but you know, right now it's really not a sight to see.
No,
the
last time I went was the reopening back in like early august, but every other weekend since I found, you know, to the other three parks, but the majority of my visits or Hollywood studios now,
um I think the main draw is the Star Wars, Galaxy's Edge, so it opened last year. Um you're totally immersed who you have a true life size version of the millennium falcon. Um They have a couple of new rights that's just so immersive with the technology. Um, and just going into the queue itself, just experience it, it really brings you in.
yeah, yeah. I find the rights and Hollywood are the best versus the other three parts.
Oh yeah, plenty of Toy Story land. You got a couple of kids rides, like we'll shoot robbers over here that my fiance and I love to do because it's almost the shortest wait and then you're always trying to compete with the score every time you're going to write. It's
yeah, it's highly recommended. Um if I were, if I were paying guests for one day, um it's crazy that the weekdays are busier than the weekend because I think the weekends, more pass holders like myself go to the park. So we grabbed more of the allotment versus the weekdays where I guess typical people coming from out of state, you know, grab up those passes.
Uh Yeah, amazingly, I I don't know how, I just don't find how the numbers work for that.
Yeah, that's true. Um I'll still be amazed even with kids, you know, going to school, especially this november now, like even with virtual school, what they're supposed to be like in class or something, so, oh, I'm not a parent, so it's not my decision to worry about.
Yeah. I mean, it would make sense. You have wifi any hotels, so if they're able to do that and go to the park after violence.
No, No, No. one day. Yes, but not this time.
Yeah. Just because whatever everything happening, we had a few trips canceled just because of the covid situation. So we're gonna try again to have those trips next year and one day try to go to Disney land, you know, see the original place.
I mean, my ultimate duty is to do all the parks, you know, Disney parks around the world, but hopefully next year, you know, fingers crossed with everything getting better. Go to Disneyland and visit both parks.
Yeah, Hopefully. I mean it just depends how, you know, the financial situation is with the job or you know, the economy's good or what not. So we'll just have to see.
No. Um I don't think they predict at this point now that, you know, I'm just going to aim for 20, opening.
No,
he
wants he wants it for.
But the NFL Yes, self imposed at 20%. But they said it just for now. I mean things could change easily three months of vaccines out or something like or I don't know if they have a plan. Like you take a rapid Covid test or something and you know, your negative. You should be good to go. I have no idea how they, how that's going to find out.
Oh yeah. I mean it would be great. I think this will be the fourth or fifth time we've hosted, so um we know how to plan it, but I think it's just a lot of different delays of construction projects around here and how some of the things has to be altered now regardless even if the place, you know, three months from now looks a little better.
yep. Exactly, yeah, it's the week, it's always the week leading up to it that um, you know when Tampa hosted the national championship called football game here. So I think it was Alabama and Clemson and nothing but complaints, not complaints, compliments from everyone from both sides. Like wow, we have pretty good weather here. We had the convention center, we had a lot of draw for both Alabama and Clemson fans here. And I think we also talked about the stadium because we can expand the stands from 66 to 74,000. So it was, yeah, I saw extra seats I've never seen before into the stadium. I'm like, Wow, that's pretty nice.
No, actually there in the end zone because the enzymes open because there's food courts behind it. So I'm assuming they close the food courts behind the both end zones and they just put the extra temporary stands right behind it.
Yeah. Where the pirate ship is? Um, just built like, I guess another temporary stands for that side as well too. So from 66 to 74 like that. That was actually our new record For Raymond James Stadium was 74,000.
Our finger. I know, I have no idea if the bucks don't make it. I don't know if I'm still, typically, I've heard, you know, they use the local team in normal times, you know, with extensive know the stadium and how to get the volunteers and watching out for like the american ceremony. But um, I don't know how this has changed up now for the Super Bowl.
I just hope, you know, the bucks keep on going. But you know, worst case scenario if they don't make it, you know, hopefully the NFL still uses, you know, the buccaneers employees one way or another to assist with the Super Bowl. It is a mammoth task to get done.
Yeah, I'll do. And I don't care if I don't get paid if I can build it just to see the game periods, like I'm to speak it enthusiastic.
No.
because,
So
Yes. So this will be my fourth time doing this. So
it's,
I was going to say how many times you've done this.
It's so fascinating how, you know, especially after this, their payoff is like immediately the next morning. It's just amazing how it's quick turnaround pain
and how much would you get paid if it was you know after you wait X amount of minutes? No one shows up.
I put minds towards the evening because uh for now I work from home so it's easy to just you know as soon as I clock out from the day from the office just put this song here and just have a casual conversation.
I actually started in january because my fiance she told me about this
um this would be the most I've done like this type of here from the most paying, but most of them of course is just like And 15 minutes tops for a couple of pounds.
Oh yeah, I mean especially you know money from this would be used for you know Disney trip this upcoming weekend.
I just hope you have this thing just pushes more out west so that you know come saturday I don't care if it's breezy or little rainy, I just don't want to be drenching drinks out there so.
and if it's just a squall line yeah by all means it's just gonna be like 1520 minutes and that's it.
Yeah it would be nice to change. I have a different change of scenery here.
Mhm.
Well
I guess
yeah I appreciate it was a pleasure speaking to you as well.
On.
huh
You'll you'll have your rebuilding season next year.
I know. Yeah. With Min chow.
Yeah I know it's funny how it works when he's on a different team.
I know. It's always funny how that works out.
I just hope
you do. You didn't hate when the bucks beat the broncos a few weeks ago, so.
Yeah, I know the history of between those two.
Oh, I don't blame you at all.
And it's probably still cheaper if you're going to go to Pittsburgh to see a game there too. So
I think, I think it's like six at one point the nose bleeds for like $65, but of course, you know, with limited capacity, it blew up, you know, the pricing of the game. So No.
Oh yeah, I've seen tickets on StubHub, at least 200 you have to buy, uh, I think the seats coming forward, so you'd have to buy all four seats or something. So
yeah, you have to buy two empty seats because they try to you know social distance these seats but it comes in a pot of four. So yeah.
Yeah so if you sell for at the time it's possible but hopefully you can find them through other people that you can divvy up the price as well.
Yeah that kills, I just don't understand why people still show up at the last minute.
Yeah. I mean don't get me wrong I love tailgating you know when I was the opposite role but um you know during these times I just don't understand what happened. Are you still showing up late to the game? Especially when parking which should be really an issue
and
Exactly yeah. I mean 15,000 versus 66% of an issue. Yeah.
Oh okay. Well I get you know I don't know if that would be it but it was a pleasure speaking to you.
Likewise in Jacksonville.
Alright. You too appreciate it.