Can you hear me?
Thanks. Hey good evening.
Well I, I don't know if it's evening where you're at but it is here.
Okay so am I? My name is bob.
Nice to meet you brian where you at in florida at?
Okay. Just like that's a clear waters north. So I'm over in Jacksonville.
Mhm.
You're
north of you Okay.
All right,
okay, you're down like we're bradenton is or
so much familiar with the Tampa area too. So are you familiar with Jacksonville?
Okay. Just a little south of us then.
Yeah, I like, I like Tampa though, it's a beautiful area. The beaches are nice there.
No, you guys are getting ready or
Yeah, so probably just get some wind and some rain out of it and that most uh if it continues the way they say it is.
Yeah, I was actually looking at it earlier today and I was like wow, this thing is really traveled some distance
and it's still traveling, it's still alive.
Yeah because I think when I hit central America was what category for and then rained and kinda like called over there for a few days and they got the brunt of it and I guess now south florida got quite a bit.
Yeah I heard 20 today and I was like that's a lot of rain um but
we don't,
I'm glad we don't get that, I don't think I've ever seen 20" yet.
Oh you don't Okay,
that's good. Neither do I, but I've been to Tampa before uh like three years ago and it had rained quite a bit in Tampa and there was, it seemed like a lot of flooding, especially like in the brain area, I was down in that area a lot and seemed like they had a lot of flooded streets and it was quite a bit of water.
Okay. What do you do with the Tampa Bay?
the beginning?
They
help,
they have to have a waiver to go into the game or
that's nervous.
everybody rushing at the last second to get into the
What if they didn't complete it? Did they get to step out and then completed or is
that something
be nice to see the game?
it's a sunday night. You didn't have to worry about waiving any flags.
I'm sorry,
No, I expected a good game, you know, you can through breeds, I expected this to be a great game, you know, and I was like disappointed it that it didn't get better, but he has this off night. So, you know,
yeah, it was like drew Brees came out hot and ready and brady just couldn't hit for anything. I mean I
just
and
I
don't
know,
There was hardly any yardage. You know, they got like 30 yards or something.
Uh So maybe they have to have to make a switch or something or you have to get better brady once radio get on them, you know, help it bread.
So I assume you're a Tampa Bay fan. Uh huh.
Yeah, I mean, you know in the off season when they picked up brady I said well that's you know, that's gonna do them great this year compared to all your other years that you've had. Mhm.
because he wasn't you know, I know Tampa Bay had high hopes for him and I thought he was going to do it there for a little bit. But now, so picking up brady was a win win for you guys and I don't know we'll see where it pans out unless brady is getting too old to play who knows?
Problem.
Yeah because yeah the Giants they're going good this year so I knew that was gonna be a battle because Giants are playing
yeah it's
close margin for all of them. So
yeah. Who's Tampa Bay play next?
You guys have a tough schedule common. Don't they play Kansas City? And the Rams? I thought is that the random? Okay
okay I don't know why they're saying the rams is gonna be a tough one. The RAMs are kind of up and
down this year but Kansas City yeah that's gonna be that will be a test right there.
or the A. F. C. Championship game basically. Uh huh.
maybe put it away for a little bit.
That
was
before.
Yeah. Are they playing Kansas city? In Tampa Bay? Are they playing in Kansas city?
Nice. Is that a nighttime game against Kansas City or is that it? Uh
uh Well we might get it depends on what the jaguars are playing that day. Uh
They will show that they'll show the jaguar is normally though.
Yeah hopefully they don't hopefully their offer.
Yeah I thought that was a good pickup. Gronkowski was a good pick up you know um AJ Brown I'm kind of you know I don't know how well he's going to do. I mean I know he's a good player and everything but he has a lot of baggage.
Yeah because can brady keep them quiet for the rest of the season.
A good price
Okay so it makes this worth its while to behave maybe. And
good chance then. Yeah. Because I know brady brady had him in New England last year for a short moment, played one game with him and then he was going after that. But that don't think anything to do with brady at the time. I think it was just thing is catching up with Brown at the time. Yeah.
Yeah. And the NFL of course then we'll take action to and ban them from the league at that point.
Yeah. Didn't wasn't he supposed to have an eight game suspension for something?
Really? That was already eight games. Okay. I guess that was yeah, you guys had a six and two records, so Yeah. Okay.
What?
Yeah, it has that was like eight games already, wow. Already, halfway through the season. Yeah.
In the same town. Yeah.
Good reason then.
It's just one more thing brady wants to chalk up. Of course,
you
look look what the patriots are doing right now,
Yeah, I think they I think they did when they beat the Jets together day. Yeah,
I think they got three games now, two or three games they've won, and I was like well still that's not New England,
that's
it's not how, I don't know how Belichick is handling that, I mean if he was prepared for that mentally at the beginning of the season that it wasn't gonna be the same or
he thought he was just gonna win still.
exactly, I think they'll still like it. I mean they love brady, I mean I don't think have ill feelings about them um maybe just a little bit, but overall it was a decision that was made, you know? So
yeah, this shows he still has the skills and stuff to play. Uh, but yeah, you're as bad as I am. Yeah, I didn't, you know, kind of like every time he goes the super bowl and stuff, I was like mad. It was like, not again and I have a lot of friends up in massachusetts. So it was always, you know, they always give me grief for it. So every time I went up to massachusetts, yeah, I hear about, you know, brady and patriots and all that. Uh huh.
All right,
yeah. You got to go a long way around.
Yeah, it's actually pretty close.
Yeah, I was gonna say, isn't this like about 15 hours or something?
thanks.
Yeah, it takes experience. I've driven it up in massachusetts before and I didn't like it because it was like, I'm not used to this, you know, the breaking, you know, just getting used to the sliding here and there. It's just like, okay.
Exactly. And I thought it would come, you know, it's like riding a bicycle, you slipped in Montana and it snows a lot there and I knew how to drive and all that. But when I go back to massachusetts now, it's like, I don't know, you know, it's like, it's not the same forgotten that after living in florida for so long. It's
something,
yeah, I used the skill you got to keep up on you because
yeah, and that's easy to handle. I mean, I lived in California too and that's what they get from, you know, being so dry for so many months and then it finally rains and they get slippery from the oil. But here, it's not that bad. You know, if it rains, add a little bit of water on the road, you know, just cruise right along.
Yeah. I mean they keep on shifting words how close it gets to the coast and you know, you know, we're wonder okay, is it going to come anywhere near up to this area? We're gonna get some ring from it, you know, what's going to happen and you
know,
the last time I looked, I think they said they were gonna push it more east again in the next update and I'm like, okay, like to kind of make my plans, you know, what's the weather going to be like in the next few days?
Um Good.
You like going to Disney World lot then, Huh,
Get your money's worth out of it. Are you able to get in? How hard is it to get in? I know you had to have reservations and they were talking about annual pass holders kind of like maybe pushed back a little bit.
would think Hollywood Studios is probably a little bit less people going to that. Yeah.
mm it's not you don't want to go to Epcot now you just
wait till we're
done.
Nice. What? I've never been into Hollywood Studios yet, we've gone to the other ones except for Hollywood. What's in Hollywood studios?
Okay so there is some stuff to do there that keep you busy and enjoy.
Okay and stuff to do for kids and stuff in there?
fun.
It's still busy even with schools going back and people travelling less, there's
unless there's people from within florida still traveling
Unless they're doing their virtual school, why they're in Disney world
something different. Yes. Uh so I assume you don't have kids yet then?
Not not at this point. Okay.
Yeah, Disneyland's nice to, it's not as big or as they spread out as Disney world is because they don't have much land there. But the California adventure and Disneyland both were great parks. It's similar to Magic Kingdom. Disneyland is um because we, you know, we went to Disneyland multiple times and of course we went to Magic Kingdom and you know, quite a few times and we saw the similarities between them. It was very close but they're both separate parks and you know, it's interesting and you have fun in either one of them. Uh huh.
Exactly. We're going to go next year.
And things are open up and because this is still not open right now,
wow, it's you know, I don't know if you can tell the two different states, you know, like you were talking about the Super Bowl as you said, Captain, what? 20% now as our governor going to go for that or is he going to order
them
to?
Yeah, that's what I thought.
Yeah, it's Tampa Bay gearing up for that. I mean normally with that, you know, they have all kinds of, you know, week of NFL parties and all kinds of things going on.
Wow. Okay. Yeah, that's, that's a lot to take on, you know, and especially with the covid going on, how do they handle all the festivities? You know, because that's a big part of the, you know, hosting the super bowls, all the stuff that goes with it. You know, then the kind of the game is, you know, the second part of it.
are they way up in the sky?
okay, right in there.
prevent many people in it. So yeah, you guys got a lot to look forward to. Are you working that game where you don't know yet?
Yeah, you just keep your fingers crossed and you can hang out with the whole game,
right? So hopefully that goes that way and you can hang out for the game and
yeah, exactly. And just see everything that goes along with it, you know, nice halftime
shows and all that
stuff. Nice.
Um so have you ever done, you've done these conversations before on prolific.
there
there go ahead.
This will be my third time. So just right up there with you and uh it's good to see that they keep on expanding it. So now you can do seven instead of six. It was on the last round.
they are they're they're very good this golf whatever this lab that's doing it has done a very good job with it and that's why I stick with it. I said I don't mind giving up you know 45 minutes of my time, you know and giving it a shot you know keep on doing, go for another round and sometimes you know I've had people not show up um that's happened a couple of times but usually everybody's on time in there so
You only get like a dollar 50 or something, you know it's very minimal. Yeah and so then you could but you can reschedule right away and hopefully you know they get somebody in the next couple of days or something depending on what your schedule is it.
I do the same thing like I'll do like early in the morning or four o'clock in the afternoon and then after dinner our, you know then try and do a couple hours before it's too late and see if something pops up and you know, so I mean it's a nice little thing. How long have you been on prolific now?
Okay. It's you do a lot of the different studies and stuff on there,
Right? And there's someone that pay better, you know that they have longer ones um that you know that might be an hour long or something for a study and they'll pay you know sometimes $10-$15 for him. It's a nice thing just to do in the evening or something or just free time say one pops up here, put it on there as a little extra money is what I say,
buy some extra things then. Well like you said hopefully the weather cooperates this weekend for you there.
just if not when you can put on a part, you know uh rain thing and go in and just dodge the rain here and they're usually just balls, you know. Mhm.
Yeah, so and of course it's still nice and warm. November can't beat that, you're gonna be going to Connecticut where it's cold come december.
Yeah exactly. Hopefully get some snow. Nice, good.
Well
I enjoyed
my conversation. Huh?
Yeah, we carried on for almost 40 minutes so not bad and I got, you know, it was nice that we talked about something that we have a general interest in which was the NFL first
we didn't touch from the Jackson on the jacket fire. So that's a
good thing
when it was supposed to be this year.
Yeah, men's you're just like, you know, but I watch you know nick Foles and he's doing pretty good. It's like
yeah I mean I was worried when he came to Jacksonville because you know he was so injury prone and you know I just figured he wasn't gonna do anything for us. And sure enough he didn't but goes to Chicago, he's doing a lot better there.
But I'm I'm a Denver bronco fan so I really I'm not really a Jacksonville fan either. Mhm. But I'm
fan.
No they're having still bad year so it's it you know it can continue on. That's fine. They're in their rebuilding still and it'll be a few years till they get back to where they were uh You know it was there was some heartache games against brady. So
yeah so it's like yeah it's they'll rebuild and move on. But at the same time I like I watched the jaguars because they are local and you know. Stationing I'll go to see a game there when it's a team that I want to see certain players play.
You know, it's a team that I like and I want to say I want to go see, you know, you know, Pittsburgh play, you know, a good team play, you know, I go there to watch them and
Exactly, I mean, I don't know what it costs in Tampa but it's a lot cheaper here and um to go see a game. So with
that's probably yeah, more than I would want to spend to go to a nosebleed and probably like probably 2, 300 to get into it now, right,
end up just two of you going, you know?
that's how I was wondering how they did that, you know, how they broke it down for, you know, Um keep it limited to 15,000 people, so how did they sell the tickets out
exactly? But you said no tailgating either, which is kind of like, that kills it.
Yeah, because that's, I mean I do that, I have some friends who are good jaguar, you know, they're they're diehard jaguars fans and of course they tailgate, so whenever I go to a game we always go to the tailgate, you know, and have some fun before the for the game and that's part of the game, you know, it's part of
exactly, he probably
could park real close and
think I lost your video, but I have your audio,
it was a pleasure, it's nice meeting you and you have a good evening there in in Tampa Bay
and um have a good night,