All right. Hello?
Oh good. Just trying to get this set up.
You have it there? Uh huh. Right. Yeah.
Okay. How are you today?
Good. Where do you
live?
cool. Is it
snowing there yet?
I
know Minneapolis snowing
northern manipulate in Annapolis.
No,
I know. I've seen pictures in video of snow and or the Minneapolis, so I figured maybe you would get
something.
that's not bad.
Uh I am Brooklyn, so no snow for a while.
you lived their whole life?
Or is it you think it's your perception or you think definitely like it's my perception is definitely like climate were
missed.
I feel like a more sensitive to whether as I get older, like
like the
heat
like uh like if it's like, hey yeah, in the mid nineties and my god, it's so hot. And then it's like if it's like 35 degrees out, my god, it's freezing. You know?
I think
it's more the heat, I can't stand now because as a kid, I'm like whatever, I'm sweating, but now I'm just like,
I can't stand sweating.
And
Okay.
Is this uh Yes. Have you have you tried doing this chat before? Because this is my second try?
Damn.
Okay.
that's
great. Yeah. I had a no show. Um Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. I forgot what day was a couple of days ago, so I had to reschedule so
minute.
Oh, I'm not too sure. Um I don't think it matters how many conversations you have, it seems, But I mean this is my first one.
really? That's not bad though. Six
is a lot.
I feel like that that many people want to do it even though there's like a lot I see the numbers, it's like there's a few 100 that
they're trying to match up so you know you have like probably like at least 200 conversations maybe, but I'm sure there's a drop off like you know, people not showing up and stuff like that or people lose
interest
or kind of be like I don't really want to be on camera stuff. But yeah, this is my first one. I was like shit should I do it? I was like whatever, I'll try it.
That's
Not bad.
Yeah uh kind of like normal um the covid rates are like kind of fluctuating, it's kind of going up and stuff and like there's like Hotspots and Brooklyn and stuff like that. So they're thinking of maybe closing some spots like restaurants can't do dining anymore because they just opened up dining probably like two weeks ago.
Well yeah I mean the problem is you can't get everyone on board for like three weeks straight and then kind of like doing like do a real lockdown and then
we wouldn't be in this mess.
Look.
mean, yeah. I feel like I mean it's hard in America anyways because it's just our culture. Um You
know like yeah like more traditional cultures I guess it's easier like Japan and maybe like korean stuff because they're just more disciplined. Uh
And I
guess like they're more they're more community based but here it's just like it's hard to get all the info spread to
everyone
to.
Yeah. So it's just like, yeah I'm like because because of this I'm probably I'm not working until at least next year, so, so that sucks. How about you?
Yeah.
So you're
an essential worker? Yeah.
Well,
All
You're
on a date?
Mhm.
I mean slowly, I see places like closing. It was just like, this is not this is just the beginning, so.
Thanks.
do you see that article today? It's like um the senate or the Congress worked over the weekend to get like someone in the house. So like for the election for trump and stuff like that, but they wouldn't like the Congress wouldn't work over the weekends, or during their like, what is it the sabbatical time for, like the stimulus or unemployment was like priorities? Yeah.
Yeah. In your area, do you see more uh leftist leanings or do you think there's a lot of conservatives there to where you are?
The
for sure. That's how it always is.
I mean yeah, mostly, I mean it's hard to know about new york because I don't know, I don't I don't really talk to that many people that aren't like more democratic, but like I know someone that's a total trump supporter and it's like weird.
Yeah, it's weird, that's
like
but you see it online all the time, like you see
comments and stuff and like I mean, I don't know, maybe it's weird growing up and you're leaning a certain way, you're like, oh like isn't the majority like that because you can't think of someone thinking the other way. But then
these,
right now these last two years I've just been seeing like people thinking opposite like where are these people coming? Like you know, it's
strange because you're not you're not you're not used to interacting with people like that.
think
my parents
voted for Bush and shit like that for sure. They
definitely both push.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. They won't like uh argue uh about an issue with you and like try to prove their point. Like it's like that's cool because they're not those those people that just like try to be in your face all the time and like try to impose their views on everyone.
I
understand
how it works though,
and people love convenience, so like um you know like walmart around here, there's not really one in the city, so you have to go to Long Island, you probably have to drive like at least 15 minutes to get someone like
in New Jersey or something like that. So it's like and like I used to grow up in, I used to go to school in Pittsburgh, so like walmart would be like you know, 30 minutes outside the city and stuff like that, so it's more convenient like but it's rare as a new yorker to go to like a big box store like that. Um
Yeah. Yeah. People like, I mean yeah, it's just like lot of places you drive 10 miles just go to a gas station or something like that. Or a grocery
store. But it's so convenient for them because they're like, oh, I could get everything that I need at one place and it's like
good value.
It is
air
Yeah. What sucks is like they couldn't like, I mean mom and pop shops are great, but it's just like they could, they have the money to do better.
There's
no no walmart.
But they don't, yeah, it's just like, yeah, it's just like, you know, you're like just like amazon just like any really successful business, you choose to divide your profits or money a certain way.
So it's just
like,
What?
Yeah. I mean they are providing more definitely more jobs community, but it's just like the quality of life isn't great.
How
far are you away from Detroit? What?
I've uh last I was there, well I wasn't in, was I in Detroit? I guess I was in Detroit or just like near the airport because I had to pick pick up my friend near the airport, but we went to fuck this this funny sounding place, it's like a shit hole and I'm wondering if you ever heard of it? Uh Whoa, it had a weird name like something young or something like that. I wonder if I can find it here. Um
uh I got it, but the way we pronounced it in how it's spelled, I think locals don't pronounce it this way uh Hamtramck
and tremendous camp traffic. Yeah. Holy
shit,
I've
never been,
I've
never
been in such a like dilapidated area in a long time Hamtramck was. It's intense.
there's this uh this is venue called The Sanctuary and they had a show there and
it's funny because um there's a band that me and my friend really like, but we're both uh on the road in different areas, I was actually in Akron Ohio or somewhere in Ohio, but it was it was 2.5 hours away from Detroit,
and he was in san Francisco or L. A. Uh
and he had a day off, so he had he used his frequent flyer miles to fly into Detroit for the show, and then I was like so I rented a car
from Akron Ohio, or somewhere like that, and uh it was an Akron but it was something like that somewhere in Ohio, and I picked him up from his hotel in Detroit and went to the Sanctuary, and then so we went to the checkers in Hamtramck and
we were like what the hell is
this place? It's wild
that
much
but
And I've been to like
uh I've been to Detroit three times, I've been to like what's that neon casino motor city
of that area, you know
down that strip and stuff like that. I've been to places there like so
and
Okay.
Yeah. Well I just saw a lot of storefronts that were like not storefronts anymore. I'm like man, like no one even wants to like no business is you want to be here. It was just weird, it was just weird
and we only spent like
four
hours there last summer.
there's nothing a trip. Oh here's a little
chicky
I'm thinking. Yeah. Yeah
and uh
just the one she's
a little, yeah, I have
a cat too. But
yeah, she's here until we get to a sanctuary. But uh
there's a live markets in Brooklyn where they have like creates of chickens and they're just like, you know like locals come in and like oh I want like this one or something, pick them out and then they just slaughter them. So she
got arrested me. But she's not a regular chicken because she doesn't have like the red crown, the crown on top and like going
so and she's small, this is like the size for pretty much. So yeah,
pretty much. She just likes to be around, like most chickens just want to be around people, they just follow you,
that's all they.
I
think people are,
So. Yeah. Yeah.
But
you know, most people get diapers for them and stuff like that, so yeah
like chicken diapers.
yeah pretty much. But yeah
if
one cat.
Okay. Oh cool. They go in and out.
we have a cat.
She's
yeah cool. Yeah we have one that goes in and out like backyard. Like we have to like he he wakes us up just to go outside my goddamn
it because we have
to open the door. Mhm. Yeah.
yeah they like to look at birds. That's why I'm like just like
sure sure. Yeah.
I love to hear a locals take on Hamtramck because we're just like this place is wild.
Just all right
Yeah like they they're trusting.
Mhm.
Yeah.
Yeah, for sure. For sure.
I worked in like a live music venues and stuff and uh I would like go on the road with musical acts sometimes. Oh,
now that's all shut down.
They weren't Detroit, they were actually um you know what they are they originally from Detroit? Uh It's like this band that's kind of like, they kind of sound like the Beastie Boys a little bit, but they're like a hardcore band. It's super weird. It's very niche and like very like not that not many people know about them, but for some reason, the only reason we went um was because they only play like once every two years. So
the
guy,
I guess a guy that runs the sanctuary or does shows there, um he put on a free show that's like funded by vans, the shoe company and he
knew
my buddy, really loved them. So he's like, hey, I'm actually putting on a show for these guys. I know you like them. And he's like, what? Because they never
there
like we have to go. So he told me about it. And it's funny because like the band themselves don't even advertise the show at all. They never even put anything on social media. So he's like, if my buddy didn't tell me about this show, we would have never known about this
now.
That's
why there's such a funny weird band and stuff.
It's
like they're not even really a band anymore, but they will sometimes do a random show for the hell of it. Super strange. Super strange. Yeah, razzle dazzle. But they spell it. R. Z. L. D. C. L.
them are Zl space, D Zl
So yeah, they played a show there. So we went and it was everything we dreamed of. Yeah
it's funny and like
at the sanctuary like what is this place?
I
stayed in the N. B. B. He had the hotel near the airport so you can fly out the next day. Yeah
I stayed outside of Detroit. Just some cheap suburb Airbnb. Like like a one bedroom out of an apartment.
definitely.
So how long do you normally do the conversation for like half an hour or something like that?
Successful
now?
Not awkwardly. Uh That's cool. Yeah.
You too? For sure.
What do you do like off or something?
Nice. By