Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm.
Hello? How's it going
bullshit.
Yeah.
Good. How are you?
I
live outside of Detroit. Mhm.
What? Yeah.
No,
it's
like
you're
in Minneapolis.
probably
not until december. Honestly, that for me
it used to be that we could get like snow around Halloween, but anywhere. So where are you?
All right. Yeah. Yeah, I mean it's definitely noticeably different because I grew up here um on
no, I was kind of in and out for like most of my twenties, but uh yeah, so we definitely used to go to get more snow and like earlier, but it's noticeably different from the house kids, so it's like kind of weird. Yeah, like
it's probably
a combination, but I definitely remember having to be like bundled up for Halloween, like very much a christmas story kid style, like when I was like six or whatever, so it's also fluctuates and it kind of like isn't consistent, but yeah, I feel like generally it's my, it's my memory and maybe just perception that we used to get more snow, but I think it is a little different now. So.
Yeah, that's
good
there.
What's that? It's
extracurricular.
it's
right. And like we're more concerned about
the state of our like clothing and like personal hygiene for a lot more like noticeable. Yeah,
for sure.
This is my, this is my fourth successful. Yeah.
I've never actually had someone that should go up so Yeah,
but I took like a couple of other people I've talked to have one or two people like match.
So
it's so interesting.
So is it that if you, is it that you can have a maximum of six successful conversations or six pence?
Well I think you only get compensated for like six,
no
federal. Yeah. Like
whoa.
First
time.
I mean
it's like pretty, yeah, it's pretty doable. So um,
what's it like in the city right now?
I know that's like such a, it's like such an issue because it's like you can't like, you know that you can do some amount of very out but it can't really make up for it. You're unusual like income. So it's yeah, the restaurant thing is such an issue with like the changing weather.
Why?
Yeah, I know. It's so frustrating need to like hear the conversations about it and people, you know, in becoming like a political thing of like, oh well we shouldn't shut down and like, well that ruined the economy and other people being like, and it's like we didn't have
to be at this point, there was no need for us to get here. But here we are like
exhausting.
Really more
like,
well, and
we don't
we don't have enough like investment in like public health infrastructure so we can't even do like proper contract racing or anything, It's trash. Mhm Yeah,
Um I am a student right now. Um but I was also working a
food bank for like mobile distributions. Um Pandemic specific. Yeah, so
that
I was, I quit, I like put it anymore like first of all, because like I wasn't taking classes over the summer so it was like more doable. Um but yeah, I don't know, I'm I've had it with nonprofits for right now. I'm tired tired of the whole tired of the like fake idealism and I'm not like actual like garbage policies and yeah, I'm frustrated with with that holds that up right now, so
I'm hoping to just like keep my head down probably like pick up where get I don't know, a restaurant or something through the end of the year and then I'll be graduating
in april so hopefully I can start actually working on getting like my post graduate
job.
But yeah
it's just I don't know. So stupid. Yeah.
right. That's what I feel, that's what's incredible is that there's like not relief any time soon either like politically or health wise like there's no um there's no guarantee that anything will change substantially like for the better
at all like in the foreseeable future and that's like a very intense like existential issue. Like how do you how do you cope, how do you like keep up hope and keep you know like doing stuff even when it's like well it could be years before we can circulate normally so I don't know it's crazy. But yeah.
dude the fact and that's what's so frustrating is like, like at least republicans will play hardball and have really no compunctions about it. The democrats are like oh we have to play by all these rules even though the republicans are not and so what we are sorry and it's like no like that dirty get like fuck it up man, we gotta get stuff done like quit making excuses because they're so principal, you're telling all of us. Uh
well I'm in like a suburb of the city and so that's generally quite conservative. Also if I was like tallying lawn signs it feels like a bit of a toss up of the city is obviously really uh more like Democratic and left leaning. Um And then as you it's kind of like a gradient when you like start in the city which is like very like solidly democratic. And then you get out to the suburbs, which is more of a mix and then you get out path suburbs and you know,
truck. Yeah.
Pretty typical. Right? Yeah. So I don't know.
Files
my
uncle.
that's
No, it's all your experience that you reflect outward because you
have no concept of anything else.
All
Well, what's funny is I like was raised like conservative catholic Republican and I've done like a
lot
of possible.
So,
and I'm the only one in my family, so I'm regularly in, uh,
interaction with people who don't believe the same way that I do. However, they're not that politically engaged. So it's not like they're hardcore about anything. They're sort of just a still lee right
leaning. So it's like if I really
But there, you know, they're voting record there, you know a little bit of political activity. They do do I feel like it's really not that informed and isn't like I don't know, text me off but whatever. But yeah I feel like I've been trying to like have more of those conversations so I feel responsible for them. They're like my whole there my little politically misguided parties and I have to figures something out maybe that um that's uh arrogant but I was just like I don't feel like they get what's going on. Like I I was explaining to them the other day that um the reason why like walmart has become so prevalent is because they go into like small towns and undercut all the like shops and like local small businesses and take over and drive them out of business and they were like when does that ever happen? And I'm like bro, literally all of
the time, All the time. I'm like,
what
remediated, what choice do they have? It's a multi billion dollar like international corporation, what are they going to do?
jeez.
It doesn't mean it's not a solution for a city, it's a solution for a place where everything is more like spread out. So I get why it has caught on in rural America, but then it like fucks everything up because they paid terrible wages and so that's why you have increasing poverty. So it's just frustrating.
Sarah
isn't
inherently bad. It's just that we then turn around and like sort things poorly and pay poorly
and just do
everything that poorly that the only thing they do well, put it all in one building,
the mom
works
but walmart.
absolutely,
absolutely
right. And the choice is, is based on the current system, not necessarily the wrong or wrong choice. Or like it's
not illegal, but it's just like shitty. That's like why? Yeah.
Yeah. I'm at the point where like a bad job almost feels worse than no job because it's like you get so stuck and like disempowered by being underpaid uh that it's like, what's the point? If I have to have three of these stupid things, then only something's not going right, like total bad. So very frustrating.
But
13 to 15 miles to like algae, but like probably more like 25 to like the middle of the city. It's a geographically enormous city.
Yeah, it wasn't. Um so you think it was possibly more by the airport? Is the airport is technically outside the city
ham traffic. Yeah.
Yeah.
Wait,
so
where
did you
go?
it is intense. So you went like a, did you go to like a bar or something or you just went
I know that.
Yeah, that sounds about right.
It's
Why not?
Well
that's uh
because it's like not that's
not
even
as bad as it gets like in the city,
but
on the motor city
that
and
traffic are super unique because it's like not technically the city of Detroit like hold like enclave and there's two of those um
in the city of Detroit and that's how huge it is. And it's like um probably one of the most diverse places like that I've ever been to because there's a huge immigrant populations and um and it's so concentrated like there's not a lot of places in the city where the housing is as like close and tall as it is there because like besides like maybe downtown and stuff because a lot of the city is not as populated and the housing is more like spread out like it doesn't really feel that much like a city in other parts of the of the city. Uh So it's just like it's really interesting
What
what year
was that?
It was last summer? Oh man. I was gonna say I feel like it's in better shape now than it was when I used to live in the area. But yeah I mean yeah the storefronts on like on like the main drag I think are not always occupied. But yeah I don't know, I got like a little testy spot in my heart for himself.
It
was
Oh no chickens.
How many do you have
one?
So
pet or egg lending or?
how did you get her
tomorrow?
she's really pretty.
so chill,
So
funny. My God,
not
well that's
Yeah,
that's a bit of a nuisance. Honestly. The pooping.
Why? I've
never heard of such a thing. Chicken diapers, That's so funny.
I've got a basket
full of equipment here. Uh huh.
Actually there's two more of it there outside.
Yeah, they love it out there because
like they're pesky little sister right now and so they're looking at stake her for a little bit because she's always pounce on them. But
yeah, sleeping on my desk.
their
love,
love it and I think it's just like give them stuff to do because otherwise I feel like they get super lazy, like if they're just always inside looks like I got it like something, it's not an app then, you know, to let your outside. But for me what I've had the choice, I've I've generally opted to try to give them some outside time. Although
they're not a normal part of the ecosystem. So I get that that's kind of fucked up. But I've mostly lived in like urban or suburban schools is and so it hasn't really felt like buy one cat could make that big of a difference, right?
That might not be, that might not, that might be perception based as well. Yeah. Good to reflect on those sorts of things I guess.
Yeah, I mean as it is super scrappy and like it's this kind of like um it's very like community oriented and very like my friends have rented there on a handshake kind of thing. Uh huh.
So there's this kind of old school like I don't know, old country maybe sort of mentality there where yeah, it's kind of cool. Uh
Yeah, yeah and there's this idea of like yeah, welcome like whoever and whatever is, yeah, it's all good. But yeah, I mean the city in general is just like has a lot of that kind of feel to it, It's kind of like a man
like what's going on because yeah, it's been hit hard by a lot of different factors. So it's kind of intense. Uh huh I'm in school for public health and so I worked with like a bunch of the kind of local organizations who are doing various things to try to improve the situation and man, I thought I knew what was up and like I had to learn some shit, you know, my first couple of years and I was like, oh man, I had no idea that like systemic issues going on. Oh,
it's all been very, very interesting. So I'll probably live here for a while because there so much to do,
which is good. Yeah, it's definitely ham traffic is definitely kind of while there's a lot of cool like dive buyers and things, which I love because they have like, they have like a block of housing and then on the corner it'll be like a business and so like a bunch of those kind of fun little bars and things. So thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Um what were you doing for work before the band online?
dies.
Yeah, I bet. I can only imagine. I don't. And did you say there was a Detroit band that you guys were checking out?
Oh, that's
what
we're proud.
Are
we?
check
it out.
You know what weirdos?
They want anybody
there
for
sure. That's so bizarre,
Hard. Oh,
that's so funny. Yeah, I've never heard of them, but that's fascinating. Uh huh.
that's cool.
That's what's up?
Where did
you all stay? Like an Airbnb or something?
Nice.
Perfect. That'll do it
ice.
Yeah, I think we I think we kind of did it, we kind of hit it,
so yeah,
glad, glad it worked out.
Well, enjoy your wins. Okay.
All right, Take
what's that? Yeah, yeah, because it's recording, they know like how long it so cool.