SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Oh. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I want to do the same. Yeah. Yeah. Well. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Come on. Hello.
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: You know I'm too hi, I'm
SPEAKER_L: Hi.
SPEAKER_R: Alexandra.
SPEAKER_L: I'm jasmine.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. How are you today?
SPEAKER_L: I'm okay. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: yeah. I hit one of those covid walls where you just you're going along with life and then all of a sudden you realize like oh yeah, we're in a pandemic, we don't know what it's going to end.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. How's your area doing with it?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in work at Berkeley California and we've been doing pretty well with it. Everybody follows guidelines and everything. Um We're pretty low cases, but as we're gonna get into um winter, it's gonna get worse.
SPEAKER_L: Makes sense. Yeah. Oh,
SPEAKER_R: you at parking
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: lot?
SPEAKER_L: in Tucson. Yeah. I think that's part of why I'm a little like, no, today too is like they're having a rally for an individual here today and there's a weird time and there's a long line and people are like, we're not wearing masks, like I'm like, oh, man, okay, not a great time in any sense, but
SPEAKER_R: Is that individual gonna be there today?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, sounds like it, I think right about now. Um And uh yeah, so that's there's something, something in the air. Um So yeah.
SPEAKER_R: thank you. Oh.
SPEAKER_L: Uh
SPEAKER_R: Um I
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: lived in I lived in uh phoenix for a while. I've been to old Tucson, you know the movie movie place I've always remembered? They told us like the cactuses are real and they said that
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: can tell
SPEAKER_R: somebody
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: thought one of the cactuses was fake. So they went and hugged the cactus like full on.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I just remembered that for years. Like how fucking stupid like. Yeah. Talent
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: characters. Oh.
SPEAKER_L: sometimes the real the really mean ones look the most friendly, like they look all fuzzy you like uh like don't do it. Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: No, I get that. Um So what's making you happy lately? Let's get your mind off of the red state you live in.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Um Yeah, I made my dogs in general most of the time. Um except when they're being poops, we check them in the car so I can go to go drop off our ballots. Um And then one of the dogs is like, I'm not going to get out of the car now, like your home, but I don't care like um the assets, the puppies. Um the fact that the weather is cooling down, the fact that it spooky season. How
SPEAKER_R: like that.
SPEAKER_L: about you?
SPEAKER_R: why have a dog to she's over.
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: They're sweetly. Oh.
SPEAKER_L: People.
SPEAKER_R: And um God, I just like, I'm working on different projects. I'm definitely happy because I'm an artist and I have a business and stuff. Um I'm definitely happy that it's Halloween. Um been watching a lot more spooky stuff, but I've pretty much what spooky stuff all the time. So
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, that's too, which makes it kind of hard to find new spooky things to watch.
SPEAKER_R: on Honolulu they have, if you read any like Clive barker who did the Hellraiser movies, he, they did a new books of Blood. That that's like his short stories, um one of his short story collections with Books of blood and then they had a movie that wasn't that great, that was about it and then I think this is a little like anthology about it
SPEAKER_L: Nice. Yeah. We watched the Books of Blood. I didn't realize there was an older one because I haven't always watch scary movies. I used to be really spooked easily. Uh
SPEAKER_R: yeah
SPEAKER_L: so I haven't dug back too far on a lot of things. Um and then yeah, we're kind of picky and that usually won't watch um things that are like
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: bad people is the spooky because it's too real.
SPEAKER_R: mm I get that humans are the scariest, so
SPEAKER_L: fact.
SPEAKER_R: like this players or something like that or like funny games, it's I can't I'd rather deal with some sort of mythical creature that I don't know how to combat.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm like I can do supernatural, it can do monsters like
SPEAKER_R: Reach features.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, you can do like disasters of varying sorts and all of that, but yeah, I don't need to watch torture for fun.
SPEAKER_R: yeah yeah, I can't that's why I don't like a lot of the gory stuff or like the hostel movies, I can't I'm just not into that hyper gore, you know? Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, I like, I like ridiculous levels of gore, but when it's like
SPEAKER_R: Over the top.
SPEAKER_L: so over the top, like like dead alive or something where you just like, I don't know um you have the software cod Brain Dead um is one of my favorite movies, like I think Peter Jackson um
SPEAKER_R: Oh he did that one. No, I'm going to see that one yet. I just saw really cheesy early nineties. If you have the shutter um if you have a shutter it's called Tammy and the T rex. Have you seen that yet?
SPEAKER_L: no, it sounds
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: fun.
SPEAKER_R: this girl's boyfriend gets like programmed into a tyrannical saurus rex like maybe like a mechanical one and it's pretty gory but like not boring like cannibal holocaust way where you're like, was that real? You know?
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, like when it's like, what do they call it? It's like its own genre splats stick instead of like slapstick, but it's like gore that's just like funny because it's like wet like like flailing like a weed whacker zombies and stuff, just like flying at the walls like because it makes or like the like fright night when the guy melts into goo and then little bones roll down the staircase, he's like a vampire or something and it just, it makes me laugh because it's so ridiculous.
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: you like zombie movies? I mean I don't like gore but I really like zombie movies for some reason. So there was one on shutter called yummy. Heard
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: pike.
SPEAKER_L: plastic surgery. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: belt and one. Mhm. That Yeah. Um I just yeah, I finished that one. There's not too many good zombie movies that go around though, so You play, they're kind of Oh God, did you see that French 1? There was one and I'm not like a super huge french movie fan, like they managed to make a zombie movie fucking boring like the whole french, you know, I'm like of course let's think about like they even they had the southern movie that they did like years ago, it was called they departed and then they did a movie, like a tv show about it. I think when it's like what would happen if your loved ones came back? But it's not like them like losing
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: out of the grave. It's like let's examine our emotions behind like I'm remarried now and my ex husband or my husband
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: is back like and it's a little french uniform. Thank you. Don't have my school.
SPEAKER_L: it makes me think of that um like Eddie Izzard skit where he's talking about like british movies versus american movies or something and he's like british movies are a bunch of people like opening doors and like pointedly staring at each other. American movies are like someone opens the door and like, you know, whips out a Tommy gun and it's like you fucked my wife, like it's just much more dramatic. But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I haven't seen that one. I haven't seen a lot of Eddie Izzard sketch discussions, but I do like british T. V. A lot. I've been watching a lot of british game shows,
SPEAKER_L: Thanks,
SPEAKER_R: just like their humor a lot and I guess they talk about their penis is a little bit less than american. You know where it's always good you. Mhm. But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: um
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: yes, I'm relaxed.
SPEAKER_L: it's always interesting to say, Yeah, I feel like the ones that are french do move pretty slowly and it's just like a lot of like, I don't know, really long shots of like staring at something poignant that maybe I'm too american to get like they're staring at a brick wall. Well like a piano place,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and the blinking, did
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: you did you ever see,
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: I'm sure you did because it was like famous, but it's like I don't read the chat noir, like Henry the french, the black cat.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: see
SPEAKER_R: it would,
SPEAKER_L: all of the pictures, but like Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: was just like this black and white sort of film about this existential crisis of this black cat, like they throw the mouse with me but I I don't want to do it like I'm like yes this is very french. So
SPEAKER_L: What is, what is going on with the french? They clearly don't have the PROzac in their water supply.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know, it's weird because I was talking with another friend um she has some
SPEAKER_L: That,
SPEAKER_R: like we have some acquaintances in common who are french and I was asking and she's like, I mean there was always like this dramatic, like I grew up like being very like into France and I like wanted to go to France and I took brunch and I've watched a lot of french movies and finally I'm like this is just garbage, you know? And so like the way they talk about there was this horror movie I saw, I'll get back to my other point, there's this horrible movie I saw. It's like this this
SPEAKER_L: Come on.
SPEAKER_R: girl is like a bitch for the entire movie and this guy kills himself over her. Like, I mean she is really pretty and then this like student teachers like in love with her and she's like, you know, no, we can't because it will kill me. And it's like, dude, you've been like a sociopath this whole movie and all of a sudden you're like really in love and I'm like, I'm not, I'm not unless there's like really good reviews and not doing french anymore, you know? And then, so what was it? So I was talking with my friend and um she was talking about her, yeah, sorry, her point french. And they're like, even the way he talked about this woman like that they broke up and he was like uh we were very much in love and I was devastated, but there was another girl, you know, and there's always another girl and it's like, what is this? Like, I haven't had many friends that are french. Um so I haven't been like, I haven't had like intimate knowledge of how they interact in their relationships and like things pan out, but I don't want to stand up one, wow. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's definitely seems to be the case. Although, you know, Lord help us if everyone is doing that about americans to and then I'm like, no, don't forget pretend that I'm not a
SPEAKER_R: You can't judge up on the ones who are so white that there red mom, but how you coping in Arizona like because I'm in Berkeley and it just feels like a big old bubble in the bay area and then you get outside of that and it's like, oh yeah, people do things like that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean, I feel like by and large, I tend to be in a bubble because I'm still like within like the academic sphere. Um, but then I do things like try to go to a corn maze that insists that it's going to be socially distanced and like have, you know, a mask protocol and blah, blah, blah and get there and there's like big lines of just like smashed assholes, like everyone's right next to each
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: other and they seem to forget that their noses connected to their lungs and they like the old
SPEAKER_R: little
SPEAKER_L: mask to talk and like other things and I'm like, uh huh It's hard to say if this is, I'm just gonna say this is what education gets you in America. I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I don't I don't know either, like and I'm from texas, but I'm not from like I'm from Austin, so I've always I've been liberal, liberal, liberal bubble, just going to all the bubbles and I mean there really is a reckoning lately about how much we weren't taught, you know, like I didn't even know about juneteenth until
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: this year, you know, So there there definitely is a lot of things that a lot of error um as far as before of our own history goes, but um I just I can't imagine well and especially some of the um textbooks that have like creationism in it, and I just I don't I don't I think that's not education, so
SPEAKER_L: I know, but I mean, yeah. Gosh, darn if biden is elected, he'll listen to the scientists so you better watch out. This is the level that we're at right now. I don't particularly like any of our options, but uh
SPEAKER_R: well, I
SPEAKER_L: even
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: though
SPEAKER_R: know, uh and that's what's sad is
SPEAKER_L: if
SPEAKER_R: like we're voting against rather than voting for, you
SPEAKER_L: perfect.
SPEAKER_R: know? And
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I just you kind of have to like go from day to day and and just see what's going to happen, like my boyfriend's from Italy, and so like when trump did get elected, I'm like, we're gonna, right, we're gonna leave, we're gonna leave, you know? And I kept bugging him about it, but every time we like go to the trips where I'm like let's go, let's leave, So that's always kind of been my agenda, but like, even with this happening, I'm like, okay, let's get on the same page, like, at what point in time are we going to decide? Like, let's get the fuck out of here, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's not great, not great. Yeah. Like I feel like, you know, there's no trump signs on my block that I've seen, but like outside of my block there are um like, and you know, I don't know, I feel like with the place that I'm in, I'm more apt to feel like I need to defend my neighbors than to be afraid of them, like um you know, but mhm um No, I mean, yeah, like my partner works for
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: a rather conservative type company, so he's in like a different kind of bubble where he's like afraid to say anything political because he's going to get out of this, like the fact the outsider guy like uh Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, and I think, I think too, like it's it's been it's being framed as politics and it's like, no, I think it's like, I mean, I think that's just like a convenient reframe of like I'm a total fucking asshole without care about other people, No. Oh, who is this?
SPEAKER_L: this coming blue though. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: in labyrinth. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: he calls to the rocks um
SPEAKER_R: Whoa
SPEAKER_L: and then
SPEAKER_R: friend.
SPEAKER_L: the little woman's shiloh um and there's two more running amok somewhere,
SPEAKER_R: it's got a full house. Uh huh. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so it's uh it was crazy even trying to like watch the debates or something and having them be like, we've talked to undecided voters and like who who are these people? Like how can you be undecided at this point?
SPEAKER_R: Well, I mean, I already knew what my position was, but like grabbed by the pussy was like where I, you know, through
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: in
SPEAKER_L: was that was a line for you somewhere along the way. Oh yeah, now we were just talking about like How much of the can like how in 1980 for all of this, is that like there's been such a campaign of like you know, disinformation and sowing distrust and conspiracy and like then if anyone says anything against it's like its fake and you don't like you don't believe it, you don't trust it. And I'm like this is where all of these people are like not wearing masks and stuff. And like, I don't know, my my partner said supposedly Q and on is saying that JFK is not actually dead and that he's going to come out as being VP for trump in like a day or two. And I was like, well that's probably right because like then at least they'll be able to be like, well that was bullshit and maybe something else is and then it was like, no, that's being too like that's being too optimistic. They'll just be like actually, but you know, the far left radical environmental agenda liberals assassinated JFK a second
SPEAKER_R: Two
SPEAKER_L: time so that he couldn't be I
SPEAKER_R: like well trained to be a therapist. And I got like, I got my Masters in psychology, but then my thoughts, sorry, I have a dog.
SPEAKER_L: That's him.
SPEAKER_R: Well then my father, my father is a narcissist. And I've seen you know I've seen like the making up of reality to whatever is conducive to his ego and you're seeing that sort of gaslighting and reality distortion on on like a global scale now and it's just mind boggling. And like so when Covid happened, no when Covid happened trump and I'm like I posted something like who thinks he's faking it?
SPEAKER_L: come
SPEAKER_R: And most
SPEAKER_L: on.
SPEAKER_R: of my friends were like yeah he's faking it and I mean he recovered awfully quick so it's still debatable but the fact that we're even questioning reality to the point that we are is just all right. Like
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Everyone so off balance. Yeah. Now and it, it all just happened so fast, like so many different things piled on top of one another that like no matter how crazy and intense anything seems, it's like it gets buried in the news cycle and like a day.
SPEAKER_R: yeah they call that like outrage um something where you're like depleted, so there's a term for that. But like yeah it's like I mean you're you get whiplash trying to like take, take it all in and it's always just ridiculous and um I don't know what are you trying to take care of yourself right now? We're almost to the end of the convo but let's like let's go up hope.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Just trying to focus on things that I can control in my little bubble and you know, hmm, cooking up some beans in a crackpot, so smelling food all day um trying to feel cozy. Um then I go clean up my office soon probably and then maybe call it an early day like, you know, working from home and put on something, something spooky. Uh huh. Yeah, it's work in progress, finding more more things to do in the homestead.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I get that. I bought a trampoline,
SPEAKER_L: Night.
SPEAKER_R: a little one. Um So hopefully instead of drinking myself to death I can be like I'm having a feeling let me jump it out.
SPEAKER_L: fantastic idea
SPEAKER_R: Okay well and also like most people wear masks but I want to make sure that I'm getting some exercise and I'm not like outside, you know? So um apparently it's good cardio for you so we'll see and amazon has extended their returns so
SPEAKER_L: in case you're like, actually this is now a coat
SPEAKER_R: thanks.
SPEAKER_L: rack.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah this wasn't the the this wasn't the key to my problem so I'm gonna use this money and get something else but I thought it would be the key.
SPEAKER_L: let me just uh consume a different thing and see if that helps.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's weird. It goes in cycles because it's like, I'll have times where I'm like, oh God, I need to have a lot of junk food, I need to go to the store and I need to get like all these different junk foods that I never eat. Like I never like, I'm pretty healthy. I'm like, you know, like organic Bay Area kind of stereotypes. But it's like goddamn if I don't need like pop parks, you know, some sort of ruffle chip.
SPEAKER_L: seeking comfort. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well, it's about time what I wanted to say, You can say good bye, sweetie. She's got four teeth. Uh huh. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: You're
SPEAKER_L: My
SPEAKER_R: laughing
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: already. Nice chatting with you.
SPEAKER_L: or
SPEAKER_R: Take care,
SPEAKER_L: you too.