Yeah. Come on. Hello.
You know I'm too hi, I'm
Alexandra.
Yeah. How are you today?
yeah. I hit one of those covid walls where you just you're going along with life and then all of a sudden you realize like oh yeah, we're in a pandemic, we don't know what it's going to end.
I'm in work at Berkeley California and we've been doing pretty well with it. Everybody follows guidelines and everything. Um We're pretty low cases, but as we're gonna get into um winter, it's gonna get worse.
you at parking
lot?
Is that individual gonna be there today?
thank you. Oh.
Um I
lived in I lived in uh phoenix for a while. I've been to old Tucson, you know the movie movie place I've always remembered? They told us like the cactuses are real and they said that
because
somebody
thought one of the cactuses was fake. So they went and hugged the cactus like full on.
I just remembered that for years. Like how fucking stupid like. Yeah. Talent
characters. Oh.
No, I get that. Um So what's making you happy lately? Let's get your mind off of the red state you live in.
like that.
why have a dog to she's over.
They're sweetly. Oh.
And um God, I just like, I'm working on different projects. I'm definitely happy because I'm an artist and I have a business and stuff. Um I'm definitely happy that it's Halloween. Um been watching a lot more spooky stuff, but I've pretty much what spooky stuff all the time. So
on Honolulu they have, if you read any like Clive barker who did the Hellraiser movies, he, they did a new books of Blood. That that's like his short stories, um one of his short story collections with Books of blood and then they had a movie that wasn't that great, that was about it and then I think this is a little like anthology about it
yeah
Well
mm I get that humans are the scariest, so
like this players or something like that or like funny games, it's I can't I'd rather deal with some sort of mythical creature that I don't know how to combat.
Reach features.
yeah yeah, I can't that's why I don't like a lot of the gory stuff or like the hostel movies, I can't I'm just not into that hyper gore, you know? Um
Over the top.
Oh he did that one. No, I'm going to see that one yet. I just saw really cheesy early nineties. If you have the shutter um if you have a shutter it's called Tammy and the T rex. Have you seen that yet?
Like
this girl's boyfriend gets like programmed into a tyrannical saurus rex like maybe like a mechanical one and it's pretty gory but like not boring like cannibal holocaust way where you're like, was that real? You know?
you
you like zombie movies? I mean I don't like gore but I really like zombie movies for some reason. So there was one on shutter called yummy. Heard
pike.
belt and one. Mhm. That Yeah. Um I just yeah, I finished that one. There's not too many good zombie movies that go around though, so You play, they're kind of Oh God, did you see that French 1? There was one and I'm not like a super huge french movie fan, like they managed to make a zombie movie fucking boring like the whole french, you know, I'm like of course let's think about like they even they had the southern movie that they did like years ago, it was called they departed and then they did a movie, like a tv show about it. I think when it's like what would happen if your loved ones came back? But it's not like them like losing
out of the grave. It's like let's examine our emotions behind like I'm remarried now and my ex husband or my husband
is back like and it's a little french uniform. Thank you. Don't have my school.
Yeah. I haven't seen that one. I haven't seen a lot of Eddie Izzard sketch discussions, but I do like british T. V. A lot. I've been watching a lot of british game shows,
just like their humor a lot and I guess they talk about their penis is a little bit less than american. You know where it's always good you. Mhm. But
um
yes, I'm relaxed.
Yeah and the blinking, did
you did you ever see,
I'm sure you did because it was like famous, but it's like I don't read the chat noir, like Henry the french, the black cat.
And
it would,
was just like this black and white sort of film about this existential crisis of this black cat, like they throw the mouse with me but I I don't want to do it like I'm like yes this is very french. So
I don't know, it's weird because I was talking with another friend um she has some
like we have some acquaintances in common who are french and I was asking and she's like, I mean there was always like this dramatic, like I grew up like being very like into France and I like wanted to go to France and I took brunch and I've watched a lot of french movies and finally I'm like this is just garbage, you know? And so like the way they talk about there was this horror movie I saw, I'll get back to my other point, there's this horrible movie I saw. It's like this this
girl is like a bitch for the entire movie and this guy kills himself over her. Like, I mean she is really pretty and then this like student teachers like in love with her and she's like, you know, no, we can't because it will kill me. And it's like, dude, you've been like a sociopath this whole movie and all of a sudden you're like really in love and I'm like, I'm not, I'm not unless there's like really good reviews and not doing french anymore, you know? And then, so what was it? So I was talking with my friend and um she was talking about her, yeah, sorry, her point french. And they're like, even the way he talked about this woman like that they broke up and he was like uh we were very much in love and I was devastated, but there was another girl, you know, and there's always another girl and it's like, what is this? Like, I haven't had many friends that are french. Um so I haven't been like, I haven't had like intimate knowledge of how they interact in their relationships and like things pan out, but I don't want to stand up one, wow. Yeah.
You can't judge up on the ones who are so white that there red mom, but how you coping in Arizona like because I'm in Berkeley and it just feels like a big old bubble in the bay area and then you get outside of that and it's like, oh yeah, people do things like that.
Well
little
Yeah. Yeah, I don't I don't know either, like and I'm from texas, but I'm not from like I'm from Austin, so I've always I've been liberal, liberal, liberal bubble, just going to all the bubbles and I mean there really is a reckoning lately about how much we weren't taught, you know, like I didn't even know about juneteenth until
this year, you know, So there there definitely is a lot of things that a lot of error um as far as before of our own history goes, but um I just I can't imagine well and especially some of the um textbooks that have like creationism in it, and I just I don't I don't I think that's not education, so
well, I
don't
know, uh and that's what's sad is
like we're voting against rather than voting for, you
know? And
yeah, I just you kind of have to like go from day to day and and just see what's going to happen, like my boyfriend's from Italy, and so like when trump did get elected, I'm like, we're gonna, right, we're gonna leave, we're gonna leave, you know? And I kept bugging him about it, but every time we like go to the trips where I'm like let's go, let's leave, So that's always kind of been my agenda, but like, even with this happening, I'm like, okay, let's get on the same page, like, at what point in time are we going to decide? Like, let's get the fuck out of here, you know?
What?
Oh, and I think, I think too, like it's it's been it's being framed as politics and it's like, no, I think it's like, I mean, I think that's just like a convenient reframe of like I'm a total fucking asshole without care about other people, No. Oh, who is this?
in labyrinth. Uh huh.
Whoa
friend.
it's got a full house. Uh huh. Mhm
Well, I mean, I already knew what my position was, but like grabbed by the pussy was like where I, you know, through
in
Two
like well trained to be a therapist. And I got like, I got my Masters in psychology, but then my thoughts, sorry, I have a dog.
Well then my father, my father is a narcissist. And I've seen you know I've seen like the making up of reality to whatever is conducive to his ego and you're seeing that sort of gaslighting and reality distortion on on like a global scale now and it's just mind boggling. And like so when Covid happened, no when Covid happened trump and I'm like I posted something like who thinks he's faking it?
And most
of my friends were like yeah he's faking it and I mean he recovered awfully quick so it's still debatable but the fact that we're even questioning reality to the point that we are is just all right. Like
yeah they call that like outrage um something where you're like depleted, so there's a term for that. But like yeah it's like I mean you're you get whiplash trying to like take, take it all in and it's always just ridiculous and um I don't know what are you trying to take care of yourself right now? We're almost to the end of the convo but let's like let's go up hope.
Yeah I get that. I bought a trampoline,
a little one. Um So hopefully instead of drinking myself to death I can be like I'm having a feeling let me jump it out.
Okay well and also like most people wear masks but I want to make sure that I'm getting some exercise and I'm not like outside, you know? So um apparently it's good cardio for you so we'll see and amazon has extended their returns so
thanks.
Yeah this wasn't the the this wasn't the key to my problem so I'm gonna use this money and get something else but I thought it would be the key.
Yeah, it's weird. It goes in cycles because it's like, I'll have times where I'm like, oh God, I need to have a lot of junk food, I need to go to the store and I need to get like all these different junk foods that I never eat. Like I never like, I'm pretty healthy. I'm like, you know, like organic Bay Area kind of stereotypes. But it's like goddamn if I don't need like pop parks, you know, some sort of ruffle chip.
Yeah. Well, it's about time what I wanted to say, You can say good bye, sweetie. She's got four teeth. Uh huh. Mhm.
You're
laughing
already. Nice chatting with you.
Take care,