Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Oh. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I want to do the same. Yeah. Yeah. Well. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
Hello?
Hi.
I'm jasmine.
I'm okay. How about you?
Yeah. How's your area doing with it?
Makes sense. Yeah. Oh,
I'm
in Tucson. Yeah. I think that's part of why I'm a little like, no, today too is like they're having a rally for an individual here today and there's a weird time and there's a long line and people are like, we're not wearing masks, like I'm like, oh, man, okay, not a great time in any sense, but
yeah, sounds like it, I think right about now. Um And uh yeah, so that's there's something, something in the air. Um So yeah.
Uh
Yeah.
I
can tell
you.
I
I
sometimes the real the really mean ones look the most friendly, like they look all fuzzy you like uh like don't do it. Yeah. Okay.
Right. Um Yeah, I made my dogs in general most of the time. Um except when they're being poops, we check them in the car so I can go to go drop off our ballots. Um And then one of the dogs is like, I'm not going to get out of the car now, like your home, but I don't care like um the assets, the puppies. Um the fact that the weather is cooling down, the fact that it spooky season. How
about you?
Well,
People.
Oh yeah, that's too, which makes it kind of hard to find new spooky things to watch.
Nice. Yeah. We watched the Books of Blood. I didn't realize there was an older one because I haven't always watch scary movies. I used to be really spooked easily. Uh
so I haven't dug back too far on a lot of things. Um and then yeah, we're kind of picky and that usually won't watch um things that are like
bad people is the spooky because it's too real.
fact.
Yeah, I'm like I can do supernatural, it can do monsters like
yeah, you can do like disasters of varying sorts and all of that, but yeah, I don't need to watch torture for fun.
Yeah. Yeah, I like, I like ridiculous levels of gore, but when it's like
so over the top, like like dead alive or something where you just like, I don't know um you have the software cod Brain Dead um is one of my favorite movies, like I think Peter Jackson um
no, it sounds
fun.
Mhm. Yeah, like when it's like, what do they call it? It's like its own genre splats stick instead of like slapstick, but it's like gore that's just like funny because it's like wet like like flailing like a weed whacker zombies and stuff, just like flying at the walls like because it makes or like the like fright night when the guy melts into goo and then little bones roll down the staircase, he's like a vampire or something and it just, it makes me laugh because it's so ridiculous.
Thank
was
plastic surgery. Yeah.
No.
for
it makes me think of that um like Eddie Izzard skit where he's talking about like british movies versus american movies or something and he's like british movies are a bunch of people like opening doors and like pointedly staring at each other. American movies are like someone opens the door and like, you know, whips out a Tommy gun and it's like you fucked my wife, like it's just much more dramatic. But
Thanks,
Yeah,
it's
it's always interesting to say, Yeah, I feel like the ones that are french do move pretty slowly and it's just like a lot of like, I don't know, really long shots of like staring at something poignant that maybe I'm too american to get like they're staring at a brick wall. Well like a piano place,
but
that
I
see
all of the pictures, but like Yeah. Yeah.
What is, what is going on with the french? They clearly don't have the PROzac in their water supply.
That,
Come on.
that's definitely seems to be the case. Although, you know, Lord help us if everyone is doing that about americans to and then I'm like, no, don't forget pretend that I'm not a
Yeah. I mean, I feel like by and large, I tend to be in a bubble because I'm still like within like the academic sphere. Um, but then I do things like try to go to a corn maze that insists that it's going to be socially distanced and like have, you know, a mask protocol and blah, blah, blah and get there and there's like big lines of just like smashed assholes, like everyone's right next to each
other and they seem to forget that their noses connected to their lungs and they like the old
mask to talk and like other things and I'm like, uh huh It's hard to say if this is, I'm just gonna say this is what education gets you in America. I don't know.
But
I know, but I mean, yeah. Gosh, darn if biden is elected, he'll listen to the scientists so you better watch out. This is the level that we're at right now. I don't particularly like any of our options, but uh
even
though
if
perfect.
No.
Yeah. It's not great, not great. Yeah. Like I feel like, you know, there's no trump signs on my block that I've seen, but like outside of my block there are um like, and you know, I don't know, I feel like with the place that I'm in, I'm more apt to feel like I need to defend my neighbors than to be afraid of them, like um you know, but mhm um No, I mean, yeah, like my partner works for
a rather conservative type company, so he's in like a different kind of bubble where he's like afraid to say anything political because he's going to get out of this, like the fact the outsider guy like uh Yeah.
this coming blue though. Mhm
he calls to the rocks um
and then
the little woman's shiloh um and there's two more running amok somewhere,
Yeah, so it's uh it was crazy even trying to like watch the debates or something and having them be like, we've talked to undecided voters and like who who are these people? Like how can you be undecided at this point?
that
was that was a line for you somewhere along the way. Oh yeah, now we were just talking about like How much of the can like how in 1980 for all of this, is that like there's been such a campaign of like you know, disinformation and sowing distrust and conspiracy and like then if anyone says anything against it's like its fake and you don't like you don't believe it, you don't trust it. And I'm like this is where all of these people are like not wearing masks and stuff. And like, I don't know, my my partner said supposedly Q and on is saying that JFK is not actually dead and that he's going to come out as being VP for trump in like a day or two. And I was like, well that's probably right because like then at least they'll be able to be like, well that was bullshit and maybe something else is and then it was like, no, that's being too like that's being too optimistic. They'll just be like actually, but you know, the far left radical environmental agenda liberals assassinated JFK a second
time so that he couldn't be I
That's him.
come
on.
Yeah. Everyone so off balance. Yeah. Now and it, it all just happened so fast, like so many different things piled on top of one another that like no matter how crazy and intense anything seems, it's like it gets buried in the news cycle and like a day.
Yeah. Just trying to focus on things that I can control in my little bubble and you know, hmm, cooking up some beans in a crackpot, so smelling food all day um trying to feel cozy. Um then I go clean up my office soon probably and then maybe call it an early day like, you know, working from home and put on something, something spooky. Uh huh. Yeah, it's work in progress, finding more more things to do in the homestead.
Night.
fantastic idea
in case you're like, actually this is now a coat
rack.
let me just uh consume a different thing and see if that helps.
seeking comfort. Yeah.
yeah.
My
No
or
you too.