Hello? Hi.
Hello.
can you hear me now?
I
can walk.
Can you hear me now?
Mr uh where are you coming from man? I mean what barrier
wow. I mean I mean the bay area you know Silicon Valley. Some of their
well
over this.
Yeah. Is it hot? Well
is
terrible
what it wants. Yeah my area is right now it's hard to at least 90-92 I think it's the late 19.
huh. I was want to the target today shopping you know grocery store and I come back have been London and I said wait I have an appointment at once so I had to go. Yeah. Yeah I was a target like 1245. I just got back home in five minutes ago.
All
right. It's hard to say my name. My name is kang Okay. I H I N it I am with move so it's uh kind of hard to spell my name you know crying fan. We got a chinese Vietnamese name. Are you, are you
bob
are you born in the US or not?
You who's bad right now? You know? Not not lying, California is so damn expensive here you know?
You want something like no other thing is no state of it.
I came from Vietnam about 14 years ago, 16 years ago. So I lived in the body for 16 years now so I never moved another stairs. So the all instead I know in California and you know the California is really good you know? Not like you got to have some kind of which storm over there
like
you guys have some guy too big storm under me
close it. Virgin.
I
don't have that kind of stuff you know so we have
star but not so the weather here
well so you go
ahead some kind lie. Um So what do you normally do when you go out? Is there any like camping or for rest over there?
You're in
the wall
single?
So you probably stay home to mothers. So do you do any kind of like online gambling? I mean online game, do you play on the game like you know um striking cutter, striking something. I haven't done the use
of.
Mhm. I used to play soccer, you know the online game play station far, you know soccer game Chief. Are you finally 9? I used to play soccer.
I used to play the game a lot. This is what I got some playing, give me, you know, you know the old the LCD Merida? The CRT monitor. That's what I used to play. So like city funding monitor 10 hours a day. And then he got this, you know what I mean?
Not very better.
You guys sell uh wireless or you guys so you do something else?
Are you
gonna you do better? I haven't had a Verizon contract for a long time. I used to have risen but I swear to prepare So it's like 10 years ago you know hygienic prepared now. Have you heard
about
them visible? Just coming in invisible. They are rising. Drew.
usually
like
that.
Yeah. Well it's way better but it was more passive you know, compared to T mobile or something. Spring. Okay.
But
there are
people
yeah in my area team were very sad. You can get like one or 2 MB. That's it.
And sometimes
yeah sometimes you have a signal when you go to like kind of farm area. I don't have signal. Oh.
Do
you have
me? I'm tell you I'm a printer. I'm doing printing and mailing you know advertising stuff. And then they bring the address on the envelope and the postcard. So I do kinda like milk heart camera and help running the machine. So I do data about its familiar you know the million advice that you have to do with database likely like 50,000 at the time. So I do database and I run the machine and milling and printing so do everything printing and mailing muslim you know from from my jersey from start to finish. So I started campaign
I desire to help the postcard try and printed and then addresses. You know I put the name on her breast and I'm married and I bring it to the possible. So we booked with no mask winery. So pretty warm.
but the guy stuck now you know COVID-19. Everybody stop using paper they have been doing online now so
I'll
give
you
a minority have been home for months. Seems much my company sent dow closed door tell everybody stay home and hear everything going up. So I hope I've been home for over four months, five months, five months. Yeah
that's all.
did lina no more even training. No nobody you know nobody haven't meeting anymore. Nobody had the conference anymore. You know everything you online so I don't know what we're gonna do next year.
we used
to
have a meeting big meeting you know like conference over 1000 people you know go to very got to something and they have a big conference there but now I don't think people would gather anymore. That's right.
Say
like
I'm home gonna be the future most mostly.
Well
well
the work can be done at home then they allow it to do at home now. They don't want any more trouble
with.
They used to be an forces. You have to come to the office to work every day. Right. No Anchorage people, you can stay home, I don't need you here, so
You married yet? Do you have any kid
here
and there?
Previous
tweet? Yeah
One little boy s you know, he had a birthday on July 25 discovered a ago. He
helped.
Yeah, he got his ipad. He's fucking happy now. He was very helpful.
we're kid now they're the only one in the ipad you don't want anything else, you know what I mean? Only one had either.
jane,
you know, he's not lying 10 years ago or 20 years ago when you were a kid, you know, going out, you're playing in a fan and you had The book to read, you know, and they had a little toy to play now when they wanted the iPod and there's
like 10, how are they? They're playing game over there, you know, you know, kids growing up with different, different kind of idea now. Technology, turning everything. Mm.
I didn't want with Youtube Tiktok faith ball, that's the one they know, you know, they don't know anything. Okay.
Yeah. Kids, if you want to be done to stop crying or you want them to eating, give them a phone people that you need, that they don't cry anymore, you know? So guys, something like that.
But it's
holding
a dog. Do you take talk?
Being, I mean, it's fun, but it's, you know, I don't know. But this kind of people so up and just dancing for nothing. You know, this college, they want to sew up some for what, you know, and a lot of people like it.
And show
up there just turn on the music
and start dancing. No reason
what?
I
don't even have Fed books. You know, my wife not enough, you know, we can communicate with other people. Find relatives. So my wife, I don't have, I don't have facebook so I don't have to get my picture every day.
It's,
you call it a social media influence influences. I mean. Yeah.
Well,
yeah, yeah, advice 500,000 followers or something like that. Why people keep following you?
Yeah. Change tech nature. And uh, you know, before that people are gonna say, okay, we'll go with the best. Nobody's gonna beat
them. And
then fed book came at home, you know, now, Tiktok, So you know what wolf? You never know something going to happen after he talked. Yeah. People keep making idea just like Uber. Uber now and then after that, I don't know.
Well,
yeah. Uber color. Amazing. You burned orders, You know, it's kind of amazing. I did Uber in order to, so I know he's making good money. Best Lynn by area if you're really working on those. Mm.
The only problem
we have to work a lot of power. At least 10 to 14 hour days. You really want to make a big money otherwise.
No.
So
are you gonna see your girlfriend today or keep working for the day after this?
You, wait, Yeah. Right.
With
that yesterday The first time ever. Yeah. First time we did like five our daughters yesterday. It's good.
Uber
for about 1 1/2 years. Uber and then fucking COVID 19 came along. So so now is that the daughter for 11 time yesterday? I think God has. Okay you really really want to do it? Okay.
Quite
quite busy on the weekends. Yes. Really really busy
one
line nonstop yesterday
the daughters thing. Oh the daughter yesterday I did about five hours and 21 17. So
2022
22. But I only worked like Couple of our you know I don't work for you. I imagine it would work for
no long until like three until 12 pm or something. Probably had led to 300. It really have a good
day Every day. 200 a day if you do. Very good. What?
What?
So that was said about 2020
bucks. But you have to work for 10 to fucking our they really one big man. If you're working in firepower then it's only 100 bucks, you know? So those guys were quite a lot of our program.
I
got one for Walmart Pickup. He fucking entirely fall back. But You have like 45 items. But in the end the you know, the guy took me like 10 bucks, so it wasn't, you know,
So
then
maybe it got feed back or something. You never know.
What. Mhm. All right, man, that thing is good enough.
Have a good day. Bye bye.