Mhm Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Uh huh Mhm Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, come on. A picture. I had taken a Yeah, I wish. Yeah. Okay. Oh yeah, Yeah, Yeah, No. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Oh Oh yeah. Mhm Yeah. Okay. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Really? You know, I got around Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. I Uh huh Right. Yeah, Yeah. Okay. Oh uh a little cranky pray, a little bit of an obvious self. Oh, so this one refused to take it and stay in the car and like a look, just crunch you casual, strong cold, like I'm not really mad at you, but I'm super bad. Yeah. Oh no, no, no, no. Oh no. Oh that could, so I should always pull over at a restaurant, Sleeping credit for him for waking up real quick and realizing always drinking the machine into getting a free, just, you know, he dropped the corner and he lost the instant karma, she felt it was uh oh, this is so sad about, wow, white uh Oh, am I the only one who found this cute, so excited? She didn't consider her own strength to help. Uh Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Right. Yeah. You don't like people? Mhm. What? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh fuck. Mhm. Don't you?
Hey,
can you hear me? I can't hear you. Let me see, wow. And that again.
No, it's not coming through. Still.
All
one sec here. I'm gonna see if it's me. Yeah, Can you hear say something now?
Yeah, I can hear you now. Good stuff. Good stuff.
trump monks corner, south Carolina so
All right. What do you do out
there?
Yeah. Can you hear me?
god. Yeah, pretty bad. Pretty bad.
It got
up to uh It got up to 90 95° today, so pretty bad.
Uh jews Well, what do you do out there?
So it was a quick target run then. Well, I was just waiting. I know, I was gonna, I was gonna hold out and see if you showed up, so glad you showed up. My name is Cameron by the way, so and you
are
are
you, what's up?
Yes. Yeah, I'm from the United States, so born and raised in the same state that I'm in now. Um So yeah, I'm 21, so I've been here for a while um but I have um have intentions of moving to a different state relatively soon, but you know, just kind of waiting.
Yeah, well, I mean you're right, you're right, but I mean, I guess the big thing is um I, because I don't want to go to somewhere like super expensive, like new york or something like that, but I definitely have been looking into I mean maybe just go in somewhere a bit cooler because it gets really hot here and I don't like the heat so so
I mean maybe not so much snow, just a bit nicer temperature wise I guess that's the way I could put it. Are you are you from the Bay Area originally or are you actually?
What's
that?
I mean we have hurricanes, hurricanes
those are those are our that's our our big weather over here as a matter
of factory
there.
I don't know I know that over in that area especially it's uh more so just droughts and things like that in California. From from from my recollection from my knowledge, droughts and wildfires.
but
I mean I don't really go outside too much
because
it's so so uncomfortably hot here, you just can't do it, you can't
go out.
I've
played uh I'm sorry.
Yeah I have, it's been a while since I've played any uh any like consoles or anything like that, like to play station or anything, I used to have an Xbox and that's what I I used to play on a lot with an I I got my first gaming laptop about five years ago or so and I've been playing on my laptop ever since and that's been um that's been the vast majority of of how I play my games that and of course my my phone I'll play some games off of there as well, so.
I mean
I don't I don't play as much now as I used to but that's because I work full time, I worked for Verizon. So I do that the vast majority of my time now, that's that's where most of my time goes to so
of
wireless.
lot
of people,
are, yes, they are.
And that's
actually,
yeah, that's actually run directly from us as well, like it's um it's it's actually our some type of prepaid service that we're pushing a lot more in the western United States. So um really great service with with visible, they're they're awesome. So I mean of course I represent, you know, all of, you know, my company, so I like Verizon, I like him a lot, they're pretty great.
I mean what I tell people is you get what you pay for, you know, so and and
that's that's
that's
the way that I explain it.
you can't
even use it.
and that's actually around here in south Carolina, there's a lot of, you know, farm areas, there's a lot of just kind of rural areas and so it's very important that you have that level of connectivity everywhere that you go. Um So yeah, that's that's what I do, I handle the wireless in the things and cell phones, that kind of thing, but in my free time I just I just hang out,
what
do you do in a Silicon Valley?
All
Okay. Well that's pretty cool, I mean that's uh I imagine that that there's always going to be a need for that type of marketing and advertising, so that's pretty neat.
You're not
wrong
about
that.
that's crazy.
That's Uh huh.
Yeah, I mean I don't think we'll know how to I don't even know if people will know how to like actually, you know have meetings anymore in the same way that we've you know, carried them in the past, I
definitely
think.
True. Yeah, that that does suck. That's it's kind of uh I mean I guess well right now it's a good thing, of course, you know, it's good that we aren't, you know, gathering a large group of people together, you know, but you know, going into the future, I know a lot of places are probably just gonna they're gonna move away from that entirely. I don't know if like for example Verizon they've they've closed down um we have a group of people called tele sales and they're the ones that actually like cell cell phones, but they do it through phone calls and stuff, so they talk with people over the phone and that's how they commute. They do their sales well as of this, as of last month they don't work in call centers anymore. They're all relegated to working, they're all really into working from home. So they're all doing their stuff from home right now and um and and and as far as I know that's where they'll stay permanently, they are going to put them back in a call center. So I mean it's definitely crazy. I mean I imagine a lot of companies have kind of looked at the cost versus you know, the benefit of it and they've realized maybe it doesn't make sense to have these brick and mortar businesses open when it really could just be, you know, done online or more efficiently over internet. So. Uh huh.
I
mean,
yeah, I mean a large part of a large part of, especially office jobs, I mean it's really just building that infrastructure to take the workspace from work home. I mean after after you do that,
I imagine that once that infrastructure is in place it wouldn't be difficult to just offload employees to their homes. You know, just say that one of the job requirements from then on out is just to have a separate space in your home that can be designated as an office. Um So
I I definitely
Well
I mean what's
Yeah. I mean that's that's what's actually really crazy is um I was actually reading something about that recently where it was talking about how like americans who had disabilities and things like that, who wanted special you know equipment to work from home as opposed to going into the office every day. Um They were like so this could have been done the entire time, but you denied that to me, you know, you didn't let me do that, that kind of thing, and I was like, wow, that's I could see how that would make some people upset. It's like this whole time, these people who probably should have been doing their job from home still had to go into an office to do their job, and now all of a sudden it's like, well, you know what, we don't we really don't have to do that anymore, it's almost um I don't know, I feel I feel kind of weird about it because I feel I feel bad for those people who, you know, weren't able to do that before.
Uh No, I do not have any kids, I'm
dating
uh I'm dating my girlfriend five years, so we've been together for five years, um
But Oh
wow.
well, time,
Happy belated birthday.
That's funny.
Yeah. Hey and if that keeps them happy, that's what just give them that take you have
it.
No.
it's revolutionizing the way we do everything. I mean it's a
I know that I know that there's definitely been a big shift, there's been a big societal change honestly, you know everybody has, I mean I look at it, I see that I see the pros and the cons of both sides, you know, I'm glad that there are kids that are growing up understanding technology better because those kids could potentially be you know the developer of the next big thing at the same time, I also wish that kids developed some more soft skills, you know those things like communication skills and you know have you know punctuality and you know things that they wouldn't necessarily get from and an online or virtual space, you know, it just, you don't get those type of life skills from that stuff, so it's um it's a big shift, it's been a big shift and uh I work in an industry where I see it constantly, I see people who are, you know, always, you know, getting their kids, like I've seen people come in with four year olds, getting them a phone and I'm like, oh my gosh, don't you think the kids a little young to be having a
Mhm. But I definitely uh I definitely see that there's a big change happening and uh you know on one hand I'm kind of afraid of it because I don't feel like kids are necessarily gonna I guess there's always a big thing where like you want somebody to have part of what you had when you were growing up. You know like I I went outside and I played, you know with friends and you know, I did stuff I didn't just sit indoors and nowadays it's it's just all virtual for them as part. I don't think kids today really know how to enjoy the company of somebody else. Um So I mean I see I see both sides of it. I want the I just want the best for
for the next
generation.
gosh, no, but I don't I don't do Tiktok. My girlfriend loves it. She loves technique. Yeah.
For deals.
it's wild
Only.
And it's it's really it's blown up much bigger than I ever thought it would. It blew up so fast. And
I mean I like I said, I personally don't use it, but my girlfriend uses that her friend uses it, I missed everyone that I know has an account or has used it in the past and I mean, I don't necessarily see the appeal of it myself because I've never really been big on social media and things like that facebook is probably the most, I got one social media and that's just to keep up with my family. So um it's one of those things where I guess I'm old, I guess I'm an old soul when it comes to that kind of stuff. I just can't, I can't wrap my brain around
it per se.
well, I mean, hey, if it's, if, if being off of facebook makes you happy, I'm all for, you know, I've never, I've never been the type of person like, oh, you've got to have this or you know, so I think it's great that, you know, a lot of people experience unhappiness through social media because they're comparing what they have versus what other people have and so you definitely see a lot of um a lot of people wanting more than what they can really, you know, get in life and it's all because they're, they're told what to, you know, do or think and you know, they want
to follow the next big trend, so
for sure all the
influencers.
It's like you're not even that cool. Yeah.
Quick
look.
if you want,
it's kind of amazing.
I heard, I heard a lot of people, a lot of my my friends have have really taken to those like ride sharing apps and things like that. They are like door dash and stuff like that. You can make some good money if you're in a, if you're in a high traffic area you can you can make a good a good penny off of that
freshly.
you're really
yeah I look at it as more of like a uh like um I I consider a lot of the stuff that I do is like side hustles you know I have my main my main job and then after that point it's just anything that I do on the side that's that's my side hustle you know that's what I do to get a little bit extra money to afford. You know what
I do?
Uh Well I don't know I don't know I mean I know that I've got to get her from work so I'll definitely end up seeing her so but I'll probably end up still do well I'm not too far down the road so.
Yeah so but yeah that's probably what I'm gonna end up doing and I do a few odds and ends online just to make a couple of extra dollars every day. So stuff like prolific I'll do and um make make
some extra money.
Not bad. Not bad. Not bad. Yeah I like to
I like to just
Good.
Well
yeah. Oh yeah, weekends.
I imagine her.
How much did you, if you don't mind my asking, how much did you pull roughly in like the time that you worked?
Not
bad.
What?
What?
That's
not better.
Your consciousness.
Especially if you're really gonna if you're really going to get the money so I feel that I feel
that.
Not
bad. Not
bad.
You can't beat it. Yeah.
What? Yeah. Well I hope you have a good one. Okay
bye bye.