SPEAKER_L: Yeah, okay, yeah Mhm okay,
SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: Hi, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm good, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: Good, good, sorry, there's a bright light behind me, my husband will turn it off in a second, so I'm not like glowing.
SPEAKER_R: No worries. No worries. Like home improvement projects.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, actually we uh got our wedding photos back and he's hanging up like a collage of photos, although look
SPEAKER_R: congratulations.
SPEAKER_L: hold up the photos, thank you, so you just turn it off wonderful, so
SPEAKER_R: Good deal.
SPEAKER_L: yep had our pandemic wedding, so
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh how did that go? So when when did you guys get married?
SPEAKER_L: so we actually got married in May, just like literally for people like real simple um original date was september 26 actually it was nice, we were able to have maybe 30 people over, we did like a backyard tent kind
SPEAKER_R: fine.
SPEAKER_L: of thing uh yeah,
SPEAKER_R: that's good. That's good. Well congratulations. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: hmm,
SPEAKER_R: I I had a good friend of mine who I think she's gonna get married in april and um they delayed it but I mean it's it's got to be crazy like that's that's off. Like weddings are stressful enough I'm
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: imagining I mean I've been a bridesmaid but not actually you know I'm still signal so um that's cool. Really cool um
SPEAKER_L: where are you? That's a pretty building,
SPEAKER_R: Oh so I'm at my house this is the bananas. No thank you.
SPEAKER_L: it was like a she,
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: just no this is this is my house. Um It's probably I've got like my yoga mat and my my bike back there but it's um just an open floor plan downstairs. So um I'm actually my kitchen right now so. But
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in Dallas, How
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: about you?
SPEAKER_L: was Lansing michigan, so, yep,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: little little
SPEAKER_R: was like
SPEAKER_L: chilly.
SPEAKER_R: a, yeah. hence yeah, I'm like no, I'm wearing a tank top, I just had the A. C. Come on at uh 79 79 degrees kicked on.
SPEAKER_L: mm Oh no, we've
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: had our heat on for several weeks now so yeah
SPEAKER_R: What's the temperature like there?
SPEAKER_L: uh let's see, it's let's see there's definitely frost on my windshield in the mornings, it's pretty cold
SPEAKER_R: my gosh, wow,
SPEAKER_L: and then it gets up to like maybe forties or fifties now, so yep, winter time
SPEAKER_R: I'm not here to just go out. No, that's wow, that's um that's pretty cool. So I have not been to michigan before. The Lansing, is that is that near a lake? I mean like that sounds awful. That thanks. I I'm picturing in my head, but now I'm like, wait, I don't remember what that lake is name.
SPEAKER_L: No yes, yes, so actually here
SPEAKER_R: Lake
SPEAKER_L: I'll do that, I'll do the
SPEAKER_R: michigan.
SPEAKER_L: same thing, so this is a state um I'm right in the middle here and then let's see there's four great lakes bordering michigan, let me see, I'm gonna have to flip it around um that is lake michigan that I'm closest to. So but yeah, so
SPEAKER_R: that's cool, That's cool. So
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: I'm guessing so you guys are probably probably haven't had a honeymoon or like are you
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: going to go travel somewhere like, or I guess we'll just wait and wait until it's safe.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, so our big dream was we wanted to go to like colonial Williamsburg and then look is actually a history major in college, he was like, we'll go to Civil War battle sites like do a loop so
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that would be so cool. I'm, I actually
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: lived in Virginia for a couple years in the early nineties, um, not far from manassas. So, um, I actually, as you mentioned that I was thinking about like these pictures where I like dressed up as like Clara Barton and like we pretended like, you know, anyway, I'm thinking Halloween time of course. But that's awesome. Williamsburg, I lovely, loved William Williamsburg. Um, have you guys been there before?
SPEAKER_L: I went once, maybe I was like 10 or 11, but I'd like to go as an adult, so yes,
SPEAKER_R: Um, that's, that's fascinating. I love history. Um, I went to charleston south Carolina and savannah Georgia last year and um, normally I go on like hiking trips, but this was like more like okay going with my mom, we're going to like, you know, we went to various like plantations learned about like just colonial timelines and slavery and like just how people lived back then and it's really fascinating. So that's cool.
SPEAKER_L: so hopefully we'll do that at some point, but yeah, so
SPEAKER_R: You have
SPEAKER_L: michigan,
SPEAKER_R: to have to wait
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: till
SPEAKER_L: it does
SPEAKER_R: this.
SPEAKER_L: like, oh yeah, yeah, yeah michigan is one of those like newer, like states where there's not like too much like older history, so yeah, so, so
SPEAKER_R: That's cool.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, so what do you do for work?
SPEAKER_R: so I'm in project management for an insurance company, so property casualty insurance. Um So it's, it sounds boring but it's actually really interesting and I'm just at this point I probably thankful that hey, I can work from home um and companies still need insurance, so even though, you know, unfortunately some are going out of business or sales are down, they still have to have insurance. So at least I'm like okay that's probably positive. But um how about you? What do you do?
SPEAKER_L: I'm an agronomist at michigan state University, so I grow potatoes.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I was gonna say wait, I was gonna say wait, can you repeat that? What what biologist?
SPEAKER_L: Mhm, an agronomist, so I researched like farm and farming systems, so yes,
SPEAKER_R: that is really cool. How did you get into that?
SPEAKER_L: um let's see, I did plant science when I was doing my undergrad and then potato variety development gave me a job after college, so I moved out to colorado, got a master's degree and then moved to michigan for this job now. So I guess potatoes is my career, this is my second potato job.
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: so cool.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, no, I'm just like from the suburbs, like, you know, didn't farm, but yeah, here I am. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I think that's so neat how people can just fall into jobs because no one else in my family was in insurance and I was in college clueless about what I wanted to do and so my parents were like major in business, you know it's safe business or finance and so then I just want a career fair, found out about underwriting, I'm like yeah I think I could do this, that's so cool potatoes. So I was just thinking like do you end up working with like lays like frito lay and like potato chips and like I don't know if I'm just, I'm trying to think like how how that science can, I'm sure it comes into play somewhere.
SPEAKER_L: actually, yes, we do work with frito Lay. So michigan grows potatoes for potato chips versus, you know, like Idaho does Russ, it's kind of thing. Yes, yeah, so
SPEAKER_R: wow,
SPEAKER_L: we evaluate different like potato varieties, like can they make good chips? And then the big thing here is storing the potatoes like loading a potato, been in like september october and then they're worth more money if you can sell them in May or june, you know when there's less fresh potatoes around the country, kind of keeping them from turning to sludge all year. Well, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's so fascinating, I'm sure, yeah, I'm thinking all right supply and demand and who like I would have never guessed, but I mean it makes sense like you having to think through all that. But that's um yeah you've got to be super smart. I mean master's degree to and like such a specialty. That's that's pretty cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, no, it's, it's been fun, so, so yeah, but I get to go to work and you know, my plaid and jeans and it's it's not too bad.
SPEAKER_R: That's nice. That's really nice wow. That's cool. So are you are you actually going out to like farms and like so you're not like working from home? Okay
SPEAKER_L: no, so I actually did a half day because I had to go in and evaluate how many bruises were on like sets of potatoes. Um I didn't and then I went home to like make a table and like right up, you know, some paragraphs about because that's going to go in a report
SPEAKER_R: Gotcha. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: when I can, but yet to be honest, it hasn't changed my life a whole lot like, but I'm lucky because I'm driving to like the middle of nowhere to like stand in a field, it's not too bad.
SPEAKER_R: Not too bad. Okay. Um That's that's that's good. I mean it's probably is nice to get out of your house or you know or wherever you are so like I don't I don't have any pets and kid free and um I put I put my dating apps on hold so I know there are video dates so basically I'm going out to the grocery store and the gym so I've been going to the gym almost every day but um I just found out that my office is closed through at least april. So they just announced it was extended yet again. But um I mean I love my house. I don't miss the traffic, I don't miss traffic, but I think there's that, that social component that um it's challenging. Especially like, so I've got a lot of friends who have little kids love them, but they like, they don't want to like hang out at all, like they don't want to leave their kids like, oh well what if they get out and they get sit and so like I get it and so I'm just like, we're like texting but not actually like meeting up in person, so it's like all right, I need to try to expand my, my network of friends, but it's not not the greatest time to try to do that like
SPEAKER_L: I mean,
SPEAKER_R: with Covid so Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So yeah, no kids yet, which is kind of a relief. Like I've heard horror stories of like virtual school, but if I can tell you, I do have this idiot. It's good boy. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, cute
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Yeah, that's scooter. So,
SPEAKER_R: scooter. I love the name. That's great. Great. Well, um, I can't. What breed is he?
SPEAKER_L: he's a shelter mix. So he is like mostly a cattle dog I think. But yeah, I know there's like this dog DNA kits, but I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: You know what?
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: You're gonna love him, no matter what comes back, right? Like he's part of family, so. Okay. That's
SPEAKER_L: So,
SPEAKER_R: cool. That's cool. So what um, have you picked up any like any new hobbies lately or what are you
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: doing
SPEAKER_L: absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: in your spare time? Oh, hey, knitting? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. So I have um and actually this is just like the basic knit stitch so I can do it without looking. But I've got a stack of squares and then let's see, here's when I finished, I'm going to do different colors, like around the sides,
SPEAKER_R: Me.
SPEAKER_L: you know, and make the squares. So yeah. So it's my
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: quarantine
SPEAKER_R: fine. That's awesome. I have not done knitting. Um Actually I have a partial page, like just coloring. I've got all these geometric designs and so if I'm feeling stressed usually in the evening, usually when I'm over tired, um I was supposed to music on and I was just like, okay, like let me focus on these lines and like quit worrying about whatever silly thing of worrying about. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's kind
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: of fun. Yeah. Because I've seen those coloring books. I haven't tried one yet, but.
SPEAKER_R: They would just say I recommend it. Um I know like amazon has some cheap ones. I've also like my mom found one for, I think it was like on clearance for like $3 at marshall's and
SPEAKER_L: That story,
SPEAKER_R: it's like, I mean yeah, I was like, oh that's that's great because I mean like you, you never know what you're going to find there. But um there's like geometric, there's also one like with animals. Like so you, if you like dogs, you know, you could do that. But um it's, it's kind of relaxing. Like I'm very type A and so it's kind of a nice balance and I'm, I'm trying to, you know, like let go a little bit more and realize okay, like I don't have to be perfect with this. Like if I, if I select the wrong color marker, guess what? This is not a masterpiece. Um So I don't know but
SPEAKER_L: that's nice. You know,
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: But no, I um, I don't know. I like, you know, the productive hobbies were like, you know, we, we've been on a movie kick recently. Um, yeah, so like something to do while we watch a movie because it feels weird to just, you know, sit there for two hours.
SPEAKER_R: so I'm laughing because this reminds me of me, so my parents are about 30 minutes away and they love to watch tv and watch movies. I get so fidgety so like a lot of times I'll have my phone, I feel like I should be doing something else like while watching or be like well I'll watch a movie but I'm gonna I'm gonna go like go paint my nails and then sit down and be like left my nails dry or like something or something. Um It's really hard for me to sit still for that long. Um It's it's hard to like fully relax but I think it's good it's good practice. Yeah. So what what type of movies um or like genres or any favorite ones you guys have seen lately
SPEAKER_L: Oh, so actually I'm recommending this to a bunch of people, we watched a game change on HBO. Um, have you seen
SPEAKER_R: write
SPEAKER_L: it?
SPEAKER_R: it down? I have not.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. It's the story of john McCain picking Sarah Palin to be his running mate. Um, I'm back in 2011. It was meant to be like a shocking political expose and like now in 2020 I'm like, yeah, this is fine. You know, we've seen so much worse. It's um Julianne moore. She does a really good Sarah Palin. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I'm off to check that out. Hp. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah. So
SPEAKER_R: Um I think I don't think I've seen any movies in a long time, I think the last movie I saw was like second Jumanji, so
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: it's it's
SPEAKER_L: remember
SPEAKER_R: been a bit since like
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: watching
SPEAKER_L: one. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I mean it was it was enjoyable um when I thought have I been watching um I've been watching so I I love to work out, so I've been watching american ninja warrior and so there's a new ninja nation, I don't know if you guys have an indian nations up there, but I really want to go check it out, I've got a friend of mine um who um my upper body strength is probably not there yet, but we both want to try to run up their their version of the War of the Warped Wall, so that's kind of our
SPEAKER_L: Work
SPEAKER_R: kind of our fun little thing that we'll go try. Uh
SPEAKER_L: No, no, I I see it. I haven't like sat down and like watch one of those shows but like I've seen ads for and it's like I can see why people like this. So yep.
SPEAKER_R: yep, it's, I mean it's it's very silly, it's silly. I do like they do have some like inspirational stories just sometimes it'll be someone who um like they had like you know, someone who is deaf and so just trying
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: look
SPEAKER_R: kind of overcome various challenges in life and um you know or someone who's like a single mom with three kids and you know, now she's on the way, so just I guess it's kind of like almost like feel good, so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: like my sister and I we like to watch the first and last episode of every season of the Bachelor um and just the whole middle part. I highly recommend it. So.
SPEAKER_R: that's a good idea, so I'm probably one of the only people I've never seen a full episode of The Bachelor, I've seen previews I've ever watched it, I feel like if I would probably get addicted to it and want to watch every single one and all I know is I saw an article earlier about I guess there's some controversy. I don't know if you saw it Claire having having the men like stripped down and saying that it was inappropriate and that if the roles were reversed that would be completely inappropriate, which I would agree. I'm like that's kind of like today, you'd almost think like that's probably not appropriately.
SPEAKER_L: Why? Mm
SPEAKER_R: But I have not actually watched, I've not watched that show, so
SPEAKER_L: No, I I don't like, you know like watch it every week cause it's just too much but funny. The most recent one they did like they spent like the 1st 15 minutes of the show like explaining how they like quarantined everybody and like made it safe and so it's like the cast and the crew is like their own little bubble. So yeah.
SPEAKER_R: wow, that is yeah. Very any right
SPEAKER_L: Hi
SPEAKER_R: at school.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, do your podcasts at all?
SPEAKER_R: Um You know, I haven't listened to many um I've started just started listening to The office ladies, I don't know, so I'm probably like behind the Times on that one, but I think
SPEAKER_L: Speaking.
SPEAKER_R: I'm on episode three, so um so I've I've enjoyed that, just very light. Um But other than that I'm trying to think. I've also listened to second date update, we're going on the local
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: channel.
SPEAKER_L: high.
SPEAKER_R: Um It's I I think I was reading somewhere. I think it might be fake, but it's amusing. It's where someone called in because they're like, well, you know, I had a great date in like, you know, he or she never called me back what happened? And it's usually some crazy stories. Some of them are kind of out there and then others are more of like, well, you know, here's what you did. You know, it's like, oh, well, do you think you did anything or said anything? And then there's usually something like, oh, well, do you want to go on another date? You will pay for it. And usually, you know, usually they don't, and there's usually some like, here's what this, like, can you believe that this is what this guy did
SPEAKER_L: You,
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: we need,
SPEAKER_R: um I don't know. So. Oh yeah, How about you? Do you have some favorite podcasts or
SPEAKER_L: let's
SPEAKER_R: recommendations?
SPEAKER_L: see. Well, so now at work like we have to travel like one person to a vehicle. So I'm like not driving with my boss or like either my co workers, which is like kind of a bummer. But also it's like I get to listen to what I want to listen to.
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: you go. Good.
SPEAKER_L: let's see. Um well you kind of have to be into the bachelor but I like the podcast here to make friends which is like I guess about the Bachelor, but it's like two people talking about reality television, which is kind of fun, so
SPEAKER_R: that sounds, that sounds fun. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: you know, Yeah, so I do that, I also like Gilmore Guys, it's these two guys that talk about Gilmore girls,
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I've never seen that show. I probably should, but like I hear it like people seem to love it. Like what's Rory and someone else and that, oh, they're great, mother daughter. So I've got to watch it. I haven't seen it. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Gilmore Girl. Yeah. Gilmore Guys podcast Gilmore Girls, the show. Got it. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: so yeah,
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: but it's nice because I got into both of those relatively recently, so there's like hundreds of episodes and to run through them, so
SPEAKER_R: That's awesome. That's really cool. So are you having to drive far too? Like is it Okay.
SPEAKER_L: yep, so we go like all around the state, so on friday, I was, I think 2.5 hours north, it snowed
SPEAKER_R: my gosh,
SPEAKER_L: on me for a little bit, um so yeah, but we we do research trials all around the state because there's like maybe 50 potato growers in michigan and you know, they different varieties and like what does well here won't do well there, so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: wow, that's so neat. I, I will say I miss business travel. So whatever. We had kind of the, the covid announcement, I guess. I'm trying to think for for me, I think it was maybe the first week of March, it was even the first or second week of March and I wasn't actually in san Diego with yeah, we're having a manager's meeting. Um It was a lot of fun but what I will say is um like I think it was on a Tuesday we get this announcement like oh we're going to cancel all like, you know if you're, you know, if you got any other travel like you gotta cancel it through the end of april like we were thinking
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: of just through the innovative uh so now it's the end of the year now it's april next year. But um it was that was my last trip and I I miss I miss the getting out to go see like I've got I've got a team of five that reports to me. They're spread across the country. I miss, you know, not being able to actually see them in person. And uh, but I feel thankful that hey, like at least hey, like we were in San Diego. So at the time, all of us are like, well we're not going to rush home, like we're going to stay here until, you know, I think it was friday when we all were flying back home. But I then, I don't, I mean I had no idea it was a serious, I remember thinking like this is crazy, like you know, what are they doing? You know? And then I was like, well, okay, actually like, let me let me pause and like, okay, like actually looks like this is more serious.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Yeah. Yeah because I remember like back in March we were like well you know surely we'll have all of this worked out by september like we don't need to do anything different with our wedding, you know? But
SPEAKER_R: So what, yeah. What, what made you guys decide? You know what, like let's not wait until september. Let's, let's just, let's get married now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well so part of it was actually not not super romantic, it was like well you know we own two houses right now and with the way everything's going like do we want to you know be owning two houses and you know kind of like you know the market and Lansing has been pretty good and we were like well let's just you know take advantage of this. But we didn't live together because I told him, you know, I'd like moveon when when we got married, so put my house on the market actually, I was lucky I got a full price offer like two days
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: later.
SPEAKER_R: you know
SPEAKER_L: So yeah,
SPEAKER_R: that's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: so then we uh we did like a drive up, we went to the county clerk, so the county clerk comes out to your car, you can bring
SPEAKER_R: Color.
SPEAKER_L: your two witnesses in the next car.
SPEAKER_R: You know what? I think that's awesome. And um
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: I would say, you know, kudos to you too. So um I have dated men who, you know, and like I'm I'm I would I think you made an awesome decision. I mean like, not not that you want my opinion, but just um I almost feel like so many people are just like, oh yeah, like let's move in together. And um for me personally, like I I'm not comfortable doing that either. And you like, I've got friends who do and like, it's like, like you hardly know this guy, like what are you doing? You know? So, but then I'm like, you know, like, like let me zip my lips. But um could us. Yeah, like I that's that's kind of rare these days. Like it's um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's kind of um it's kind of refreshing to hear like, hey, like you met like a nice guy who like
SPEAKER_L: Things
SPEAKER_R: respected that. So that's really nice. So.
SPEAKER_L: Well, you know, it was funny because luke had like lived with people before and I like early on I was like hey this is a non negotiable for me, but I guess I was like well you know marriage is different than dating, you know, so you do different things in marriage, you know like living together and having shared checking accounts, you know? And um I don't I don't know that whole like well like but you only know somebody when you move in and it's like well you know, there's going to be some like weird things they do no matter what, and I was like I'm sure enough about you that like you know, I've since learned that when luke takes his socks off and put them on the floor, they disappear from his world um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: at the end of the day, that's not the worst thing. So yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: That's awesome. That's really cool.
SPEAKER_L: So yeah
SPEAKER_R: that's neat. So do you mind me asking, did you all meet like online or do you meet in person?
SPEAKER_L: um we actually two friends set us up at
SPEAKER_R: How
SPEAKER_L: work. Yes,
SPEAKER_R: Oh, good meat. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I was working with someone who is married to someone luke works with um and actually our first date um actually left work early like with a headache, I wasn't feeling great, I was like laying on the couch, being like
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: I might just text him and tell him I'm not going to go. Um But then I like I was like, no, no, I said, I would say I like drag myself off the couch, like met up. Like I did not look cute. Um So
SPEAKER_R: You are following through like, you mean the commitment you were gonna follow like this? Yes, I got I got you
SPEAKER_L: showed up in like jeans and a t shirt. Um but but no, our first date luke picked a place with like live music. Um
SPEAKER_R: come in.
SPEAKER_L: but then we got there and they were like setting up like a drum and like plugging in amps and it was like very loud. Um they started playing and we're like, we don't want to scream at each other. So we went on a walk for like two hours and then about, yeah, two years later we got married. So
SPEAKER_R: That's awesome. That's so cool. That's good to know that are so setting up. Can still work because
SPEAKER_L: it does.
SPEAKER_R: it will say online dating has been very hit or miss. Mostly mostly miss for me.
SPEAKER_L: How's that been?
SPEAKER_R: So, I mean, I I have not done any dates since Covid because I just thought, well, I mean, I could do video dates, but it's um it's very challenging. I mean, I'd say a lot of guys even like that you match with, they don't seem to actually like ask you want to ask you out, like where it's this like,
SPEAKER_L: More
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: more
SPEAKER_R: two weeks of texting, and I'm kind of thinking to myself like, is this guy ever going, like, I'm trying to like, I'm trying to find the right balance of, you know, like not being annoying at the same time. It's like, like, you know, on thursday, I'm thinking, you know, thursday afternoon, like, hey, like what are you doing this week, like, oh, do you have fun weekend plans? It's like, no, not really. And I'm thinking myself like, asked me out like and like trying to hit and then nothing happened. So I feel like, okay, neither have too many girls that they're texting at the same time, or they just want like pen pals because they're bored. And so it's hard because it's like, I'm not probably at the point where I'm just gonna be like, hey, let's go here, because I'll be honest, I kind of want the guy to do that, I'm like, I'm probably more traditional. Uh so
SPEAKER_L: Yes.
SPEAKER_R: but um I mean there, to be fair, there are there are some good guys out there, just it's it's hard to find the right one. Um So I'm almost six ft tall. Two, so I almost feel like that's hard. So I feel like that's a little challenging because a lot of guys don't like taller women and I'm fine as someone shorter. I've been on some dates shorter men, but usually if they see that it's like, oh, wait a second, like you're 5 11. It's like yeah, like oh well I'm shorter, you know? I don't think it's going to work and it's like okay like you know, just like stuff like that and then I'm also thinking what it's probably for the best because if, you know, if we did continue talking and then I was invested then you know? Okay
SPEAKER_L: Oh
SPEAKER_R: so yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I find that like now that I've gotten married, I'm all like, what are the single folk doing these
SPEAKER_R: coming
SPEAKER_L: days,
SPEAKER_R: up,
SPEAKER_L: like?
SPEAKER_R: I'm tempted to get back on bumble because I hear. So they've got like the online like the video option and I haven't gotten to that point to where I feel like I like I feel like I'm emotionally ready for that because I just feel like, oh man, like what if I meet someone, but then how long is it gonna take to actually be in person and I don't want to get emotionally invested in? Yes, I can see the person, so I like, I don't know like if it's a really old profile picture or something. Um
SPEAKER_L: Super thing,
SPEAKER_R: But I don't know, I feel like it's different when you're in person and like getting to like have a hug or you know anything like that where it's, I don't know it's hard these days, but
SPEAKER_L: I don't know that. I would do like a video date. No, I don't think so. Bye. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Now cool
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Well, I
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: think we are,
SPEAKER_R: we're at
SPEAKER_L: we're at the time, so it's almost 30. So
SPEAKER_R: awesome. It was nice to chat with you.
SPEAKER_L: good to meet you and good luck out there, so,
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. Thank you and congrats and have
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: fun hanging all your wedding pictures. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Have a good night.
SPEAKER_R: You too. Bye.