Yeah, okay, yeah Mhm okay,
Hi, how are you?
Good, good, sorry, there's a bright light behind me, my husband will turn it off in a second, so I'm not like glowing.
Yeah, actually we uh got our wedding photos back and he's hanging up like a collage of photos, although look
hold up the photos, thank you, so you just turn it off wonderful, so
yep had our pandemic wedding, so
so we actually got married in May, just like literally for people like real simple um original date was september 26 actually it was nice, we were able to have maybe 30 people over, we did like a backyard tent kind
of thing uh yeah,
hmm,
but
where are you? That's a pretty building,
it was like a she,
don't
What?
That
was Lansing michigan, so, yep,
little little
chilly.
mm Oh no, we've
had our heat on for several weeks now so yeah
uh let's see, it's let's see there's definitely frost on my windshield in the mornings, it's pretty cold
and then it gets up to like maybe forties or fifties now, so yep, winter time
No yes, yes, so actually here
I'll do that, I'll do the
same thing, so this is a state um I'm right in the middle here and then let's see there's four great lakes bordering michigan, let me see, I'm gonna have to flip it around um that is lake michigan that I'm closest to. So but yeah, so
what
because
yeah, so our big dream was we wanted to go to like colonial Williamsburg and then look is actually a history major in college, he was like, we'll go to Civil War battle sites like do a loop so
what?
I went once, maybe I was like 10 or 11, but I'd like to go as an adult, so yes,
so hopefully we'll do that at some point, but yeah, so
michigan,
but
it does
like, oh yeah, yeah, yeah michigan is one of those like newer, like states where there's not like too much like older history, so yeah, so, so
yeah, so what do you do for work?
I'm an agronomist at michigan state University, so I grow potatoes.
Mhm, an agronomist, so I researched like farm and farming systems, so yes,
um let's see, I did plant science when I was doing my undergrad and then potato variety development gave me a job after college, so I moved out to colorado, got a master's degree and then moved to michigan for this job now. So I guess potatoes is my career, this is my second potato job.
But
yeah, no, I'm just like from the suburbs, like, you know, didn't farm, but yeah, here I am. Yeah.
actually, yes, we do work with frito Lay. So michigan grows potatoes for potato chips versus, you know, like Idaho does Russ, it's kind of thing. Yes, yeah, so
we evaluate different like potato varieties, like can they make good chips? And then the big thing here is storing the potatoes like loading a potato, been in like september october and then they're worth more money if you can sell them in May or june, you know when there's less fresh potatoes around the country, kind of keeping them from turning to sludge all year. Well, yeah.
Yeah, no, it's, it's been fun, so, so yeah, but I get to go to work and you know, my plaid and jeans and it's it's not too bad.
no, so I actually did a half day because I had to go in and evaluate how many bruises were on like sets of potatoes. Um I didn't and then I went home to like make a table and like right up, you know, some paragraphs about because that's going to go in a report
when I can, but yet to be honest, it hasn't changed my life a whole lot like, but I'm lucky because I'm driving to like the middle of nowhere to like stand in a field, it's not too bad.
I mean,
yeah.
So yeah, no kids yet, which is kind of a relief. Like I've heard horror stories of like virtual school, but if I can tell you, I do have this idiot. It's good boy. Yeah.
Yes. Yeah, that's scooter. So,
he's a shelter mix. So he is like mostly a cattle dog I think. But yeah, I know there's like this dog DNA kits, but I don't know.
But
So,
Well,
absolutely.
Yes. So I have um and actually this is just like the basic knit stitch so I can do it without looking. But I've got a stack of squares and then let's see, here's when I finished, I'm going to do different colors, like around the sides,
you know, and make the squares. So yeah. So it's my
quarantine
Yeah, that's kind
of fun. Yeah. Because I've seen those coloring books. I haven't tried one yet, but.
That story,
that's nice. You know,
But no, I um, I don't know. I like, you know, the productive hobbies were like, you know, we, we've been on a movie kick recently. Um, yeah, so like something to do while we watch a movie because it feels weird to just, you know, sit there for two hours.
Oh, so actually I'm recommending this to a bunch of people, we watched a game change on HBO. Um, have you seen
it?
Okay. It's the story of john McCain picking Sarah Palin to be his running mate. Um, I'm back in 2011. It was meant to be like a shocking political expose and like now in 2020 I'm like, yeah, this is fine. You know, we've seen so much worse. It's um Julianne moore. She does a really good Sarah Palin. Yeah.
Right. Yeah. So
I
remember
that
one. Yeah.
Work
No, no, I I see it. I haven't like sat down and like watch one of those shows but like I've seen ads for and it's like I can see why people like this. So yep.
You
look
Yeah, it's
like my sister and I we like to watch the first and last episode of every season of the Bachelor um and just the whole middle part. I highly recommend it. So.
Why? Mm
No, I I don't like, you know like watch it every week cause it's just too much but funny. The most recent one they did like they spent like the 1st 15 minutes of the show like explaining how they like quarantined everybody and like made it safe and so it's like the cast and the crew is like their own little bubble. So yeah.
Hi
yeah, do your podcasts at all?
Speaking.
The
high.
You,
we need,
let's
see. Well, so now at work like we have to travel like one person to a vehicle. So I'm like not driving with my boss or like either my co workers, which is like kind of a bummer. But also it's like I get to listen to what I want to listen to.
So
let's see. Um well you kind of have to be into the bachelor but I like the podcast here to make friends which is like I guess about the Bachelor, but it's like two people talking about reality television, which is kind of fun, so
you know, Yeah, so I do that, I also like Gilmore Guys, it's these two guys that talk about Gilmore girls,
Yeah,
so yeah,
but it's nice because I got into both of those relatively recently, so there's like hundreds of episodes and to run through them, so
yep, so we go like all around the state, so on friday, I was, I think 2.5 hours north, it snowed
on me for a little bit, um so yeah, but we we do research trials all around the state because there's like maybe 50 potato growers in michigan and you know, they different varieties and like what does well here won't do well there, so. Yeah.
Thanks.
Yes. Yeah. Yeah because I remember like back in March we were like well you know surely we'll have all of this worked out by september like we don't need to do anything different with our wedding, you know? But
Yeah. Well so part of it was actually not not super romantic, it was like well you know we own two houses right now and with the way everything's going like do we want to you know be owning two houses and you know kind of like you know the market and Lansing has been pretty good and we were like well let's just you know take advantage of this. But we didn't live together because I told him, you know, I'd like moveon when when we got married, so put my house on the market actually, I was lucky I got a full price offer like two days
later.
So yeah,
so then we uh we did like a drive up, we went to the county clerk, so the county clerk comes out to your car, you can bring
your two witnesses in the next car.
huh.
Yeah.
Things
Well, you know, it was funny because luke had like lived with people before and I like early on I was like hey this is a non negotiable for me, but I guess I was like well you know marriage is different than dating, you know, so you do different things in marriage, you know like living together and having shared checking accounts, you know? And um I don't I don't know that whole like well like but you only know somebody when you move in and it's like well you know, there's going to be some like weird things they do no matter what, and I was like I'm sure enough about you that like you know, I've since learned that when luke takes his socks off and put them on the floor, they disappear from his world um
at the end of the day, that's not the worst thing. So yeah. Mhm.
So yeah
um we actually two friends set us up at
work. Yes,
I was working with someone who is married to someone luke works with um and actually our first date um actually left work early like with a headache, I wasn't feeling great, I was like laying on the couch, being like
I might just text him and tell him I'm not going to go. Um But then I like I was like, no, no, I said, I would say I like drag myself off the couch, like met up. Like I did not look cute. Um So
showed up in like jeans and a t shirt. Um but but no, our first date luke picked a place with like live music. Um
but then we got there and they were like setting up like a drum and like plugging in amps and it was like very loud. Um they started playing and we're like, we don't want to scream at each other. So we went on a walk for like two hours and then about, yeah, two years later we got married. So
it does.
How's that been?
More
more
Yes.
Oh
I find that like now that I've gotten married, I'm all like, what are the single folk doing these
days,
like?
Super thing,
I don't know that. I would do like a video date. No, I don't think so. Bye. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Well, I
think we are,
we're at the time, so it's almost 30. So
good to meet you and good luck out there, so,
Thanks.
Have a good night.