Hello.
I'm good, how are you?
No worries. No worries. Like home improvement projects.
congratulations.
Good deal.
Oh my gosh how did that go? So when when did you guys get married?
fine.
that's good. That's good. Well congratulations. Yeah
I I had a good friend of mine who I think she's gonna get married in april and um they delayed it but I mean it's it's got to be crazy like that's that's off. Like weddings are stressful enough I'm
imagining I mean I've been a bridesmaid but not actually you know I'm still signal so um that's cool. Really cool um
Oh so I'm at my house this is the bananas. No thank you.
I'm
just no this is this is my house. Um It's probably I've got like my yoga mat and my my bike back there but it's um just an open floor plan downstairs. So um I'm actually my kitchen right now so. But
I'm in Dallas, How
about you?
I
was like
a, yeah. hence yeah, I'm like no, I'm wearing a tank top, I just had the A. C. Come on at uh 79 79 degrees kicked on.
No.
What's the temperature like there?
my gosh, wow,
I'm not here to just go out. No, that's wow, that's um that's pretty cool. So I have not been to michigan before. The Lansing, is that is that near a lake? I mean like that sounds awful. That thanks. I I'm picturing in my head, but now I'm like, wait, I don't remember what that lake is name.
Lake
michigan.
that's cool, That's cool. So
I'm guessing so you guys are probably probably haven't had a honeymoon or like are you
going to go travel somewhere like, or I guess we'll just wait and wait until it's safe.
Oh, that would be so cool. I'm, I actually
lived in Virginia for a couple years in the early nineties, um, not far from manassas. So, um, I actually, as you mentioned that I was thinking about like these pictures where I like dressed up as like Clara Barton and like we pretended like, you know, anyway, I'm thinking Halloween time of course. But that's awesome. Williamsburg, I lovely, loved William Williamsburg. Um, have you guys been there before?
Um, that's, that's fascinating. I love history. Um, I went to charleston south Carolina and savannah Georgia last year and um, normally I go on like hiking trips, but this was like more like okay going with my mom, we're going to like, you know, we went to various like plantations learned about like just colonial timelines and slavery and like just how people lived back then and it's really fascinating. So that's cool.
You have
to have to wait
till
this.
That's cool.
so I'm in project management for an insurance company, so property casualty insurance. Um So it's, it sounds boring but it's actually really interesting and I'm just at this point I probably thankful that hey, I can work from home um and companies still need insurance, so even though, you know, unfortunately some are going out of business or sales are down, they still have to have insurance. So at least I'm like okay that's probably positive. But um how about you? What do you do?
Okay. I was gonna say wait, I was gonna say wait, can you repeat that? What what biologist?
that is really cool. How did you get into that?
That's
so cool.
I think that's so neat how people can just fall into jobs because no one else in my family was in insurance and I was in college clueless about what I wanted to do and so my parents were like major in business, you know it's safe business or finance and so then I just want a career fair, found out about underwriting, I'm like yeah I think I could do this, that's so cool potatoes. So I was just thinking like do you end up working with like lays like frito lay and like potato chips and like I don't know if I'm just, I'm trying to think like how how that science can, I'm sure it comes into play somewhere.
wow,
that's so fascinating, I'm sure, yeah, I'm thinking all right supply and demand and who like I would have never guessed, but I mean it makes sense like you having to think through all that. But that's um yeah you've got to be super smart. I mean master's degree to and like such a specialty. That's that's pretty cool.
That's nice. That's really nice wow. That's cool. So are you are you actually going out to like farms and like so you're not like working from home? Okay
Gotcha. Okay.
Not too bad. Okay. Um That's that's that's good. I mean it's probably is nice to get out of your house or you know or wherever you are so like I don't I don't have any pets and kid free and um I put I put my dating apps on hold so I know there are video dates so basically I'm going out to the grocery store and the gym so I've been going to the gym almost every day but um I just found out that my office is closed through at least april. So they just announced it was extended yet again. But um I mean I love my house. I don't miss the traffic, I don't miss traffic, but I think there's that, that social component that um it's challenging. Especially like, so I've got a lot of friends who have little kids love them, but they like, they don't want to like hang out at all, like they don't want to leave their kids like, oh well what if they get out and they get sit and so like I get it and so I'm just like, we're like texting but not actually like meeting up in person, so it's like all right, I need to try to expand my, my network of friends, but it's not not the greatest time to try to do that like
with Covid so Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, cute
scooter. I love the name. That's great. Great. Well, um, I can't. What breed is he?
You know what?
You're gonna love him, no matter what comes back, right? Like he's part of family, so. Okay. That's
cool. That's cool. So what um, have you picked up any like any new hobbies lately or what are you
doing
in your spare time? Oh, hey, knitting? Okay.
Me.
That's
fine. That's awesome. I have not done knitting. Um Actually I have a partial page, like just coloring. I've got all these geometric designs and so if I'm feeling stressed usually in the evening, usually when I'm over tired, um I was supposed to music on and I was just like, okay, like let me focus on these lines and like quit worrying about whatever silly thing of worrying about. So
that's
They would just say I recommend it. Um I know like amazon has some cheap ones. I've also like my mom found one for, I think it was like on clearance for like $3 at marshall's and
it's like, I mean yeah, I was like, oh that's that's great because I mean like you, you never know what you're going to find there. But um there's like geometric, there's also one like with animals. Like so you, if you like dogs, you know, you could do that. But um it's, it's kind of relaxing. Like I'm very type A and so it's kind of a nice balance and I'm, I'm trying to, you know, like let go a little bit more and realize okay, like I don't have to be perfect with this. Like if I, if I select the wrong color marker, guess what? This is not a masterpiece. Um So I don't know but
so
so I'm laughing because this reminds me of me, so my parents are about 30 minutes away and they love to watch tv and watch movies. I get so fidgety so like a lot of times I'll have my phone, I feel like I should be doing something else like while watching or be like well I'll watch a movie but I'm gonna I'm gonna go like go paint my nails and then sit down and be like left my nails dry or like something or something. Um It's really hard for me to sit still for that long. Um It's it's hard to like fully relax but I think it's good it's good practice. Yeah. So what what type of movies um or like genres or any favorite ones you guys have seen lately
write
it down? I have not.
I'm off to check that out. Hp. Okay.
Um I think I don't think I've seen any movies in a long time, I think the last movie I saw was like second Jumanji, so
it's it's
been a bit since like
watching
I mean it was it was enjoyable um when I thought have I been watching um I've been watching so I I love to work out, so I've been watching american ninja warrior and so there's a new ninja nation, I don't know if you guys have an indian nations up there, but I really want to go check it out, I've got a friend of mine um who um my upper body strength is probably not there yet, but we both want to try to run up their their version of the War of the Warped Wall, so that's kind of our
kind of our fun little thing that we'll go try. Uh
yep, it's, I mean it's it's very silly, it's silly. I do like they do have some like inspirational stories just sometimes it'll be someone who um like they had like you know, someone who is deaf and so just trying
to
kind of overcome various challenges in life and um you know or someone who's like a single mom with three kids and you know, now she's on the way, so just I guess it's kind of like almost like feel good, so
but
that's a good idea, so I'm probably one of the only people I've never seen a full episode of The Bachelor, I've seen previews I've ever watched it, I feel like if I would probably get addicted to it and want to watch every single one and all I know is I saw an article earlier about I guess there's some controversy. I don't know if you saw it Claire having having the men like stripped down and saying that it was inappropriate and that if the roles were reversed that would be completely inappropriate, which I would agree. I'm like that's kind of like today, you'd almost think like that's probably not appropriately.
But I have not actually watched, I've not watched that show, so
wow, that is yeah. Very any right
at school.
Um You know, I haven't listened to many um I've started just started listening to The office ladies, I don't know, so I'm probably like behind the Times on that one, but I think
I'm on episode three, so um so I've I've enjoyed that, just very light. Um But other than that I'm trying to think. I've also listened to second date update, we're going on the local
channel.
Um It's I I think I was reading somewhere. I think it might be fake, but it's amusing. It's where someone called in because they're like, well, you know, I had a great date in like, you know, he or she never called me back what happened? And it's usually some crazy stories. Some of them are kind of out there and then others are more of like, well, you know, here's what you did. You know, it's like, oh, well, do you think you did anything or said anything? And then there's usually something like, oh, well, do you want to go on another date? You will pay for it. And usually, you know, usually they don't, and there's usually some like, here's what this, like, can you believe that this is what this guy did
or
um I don't know. So. Oh yeah, How about you? Do you have some favorite podcasts or
recommendations?
there
you go. Good.
that sounds, that sounds fun. Yeah.
Okay. I've never seen that show. I probably should, but like I hear it like people seem to love it. Like what's Rory and someone else and that, oh, they're great, mother daughter. So I've got to watch it. I haven't seen it. Okay.
Gilmore Girl. Yeah. Gilmore Guys podcast Gilmore Girls, the show. Got it. Okay.
huh.
That's awesome. That's really cool. So are you having to drive far too? Like is it Okay.
my gosh,
wow, that's so neat. I, I will say I miss business travel. So whatever. We had kind of the, the covid announcement, I guess. I'm trying to think for for me, I think it was maybe the first week of March, it was even the first or second week of March and I wasn't actually in san Diego with yeah, we're having a manager's meeting. Um It was a lot of fun but what I will say is um like I think it was on a Tuesday we get this announcement like oh we're going to cancel all like, you know if you're, you know, if you got any other travel like you gotta cancel it through the end of april like we were thinking
of just through the innovative uh so now it's the end of the year now it's april next year. But um it was that was my last trip and I I miss I miss the getting out to go see like I've got I've got a team of five that reports to me. They're spread across the country. I miss, you know, not being able to actually see them in person. And uh, but I feel thankful that hey, like at least hey, like we were in San Diego. So at the time, all of us are like, well we're not going to rush home, like we're going to stay here until, you know, I think it was friday when we all were flying back home. But I then, I don't, I mean I had no idea it was a serious, I remember thinking like this is crazy, like you know, what are they doing? You know? And then I was like, well, okay, actually like, let me let me pause and like, okay, like actually looks like this is more serious.
So what, yeah. What, what made you guys decide? You know what, like let's not wait until september. Let's, let's just, let's get married now.
But
you know
that's awesome.
Color.
You know what? I think that's awesome. And um
I would say, you know, kudos to you too. So um I have dated men who, you know, and like I'm I'm I would I think you made an awesome decision. I mean like, not not that you want my opinion, but just um I almost feel like so many people are just like, oh yeah, like let's move in together. And um for me personally, like I I'm not comfortable doing that either. And you like, I've got friends who do and like, it's like, like you hardly know this guy, like what are you doing? You know? So, but then I'm like, you know, like, like let me zip my lips. But um could us. Yeah, like I that's that's kind of rare these days. Like it's um
it's kind of um it's kind of refreshing to hear like, hey, like you met like a nice guy who like
respected that. So that's really nice. So.
Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah.
That's awesome. That's really cool.
that's neat. So do you mind me asking, did you all meet like online or do you meet in person?
How
Oh, good meat. Okay.
Well,
You are following through like, you mean the commitment you were gonna follow like this? Yes, I got I got you
come in.
That's awesome. That's so cool. That's good to know that are so setting up. Can still work because
it will say online dating has been very hit or miss. Mostly mostly miss for me.
So, I mean, I I have not done any dates since Covid because I just thought, well, I mean, I could do video dates, but it's um it's very challenging. I mean, I'd say a lot of guys even like that you match with, they don't seem to actually like ask you want to ask you out, like where it's this like,
like
two weeks of texting, and I'm kind of thinking to myself like, is this guy ever going, like, I'm trying to like, I'm trying to find the right balance of, you know, like not being annoying at the same time. It's like, like, you know, on thursday, I'm thinking, you know, thursday afternoon, like, hey, like what are you doing this week, like, oh, do you have fun weekend plans? It's like, no, not really. And I'm thinking myself like, asked me out like and like trying to hit and then nothing happened. So I feel like, okay, neither have too many girls that they're texting at the same time, or they just want like pen pals because they're bored. And so it's hard because it's like, I'm not probably at the point where I'm just gonna be like, hey, let's go here, because I'll be honest, I kind of want the guy to do that, I'm like, I'm probably more traditional. Uh so
but um I mean there, to be fair, there are there are some good guys out there, just it's it's hard to find the right one. Um So I'm almost six ft tall. Two, so I almost feel like that's hard. So I feel like that's a little challenging because a lot of guys don't like taller women and I'm fine as someone shorter. I've been on some dates shorter men, but usually if they see that it's like, oh, wait a second, like you're 5 11. It's like yeah, like oh well I'm shorter, you know? I don't think it's going to work and it's like okay like you know, just like stuff like that and then I'm also thinking what it's probably for the best because if, you know, if we did continue talking and then I was invested then you know? Okay
so yeah,
coming
up,
I'm tempted to get back on bumble because I hear. So they've got like the online like the video option and I haven't gotten to that point to where I feel like I like I feel like I'm emotionally ready for that because I just feel like, oh man, like what if I meet someone, but then how long is it gonna take to actually be in person and I don't want to get emotionally invested in? Yes, I can see the person, so I like, I don't know like if it's a really old profile picture or something. Um
But I don't know, I feel like it's different when you're in person and like getting to like have a hug or you know anything like that where it's, I don't know it's hard these days, but
Now cool
and
we're at
awesome. It was nice to chat with you.
Thank you. Thank you and congrats and have
fun hanging all your wedding pictures. Okay.
You too. Bye.