SPEAKER_L: Okay. Okay. Oh, okay. Hello? Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Oh. Uh huh. With me? Okay. What? Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Oh Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Okay. Right. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. People, Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, it's good. Mhm. Okay. Mhm Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Mhm. Sure. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Right. Okay. Mm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm mm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm Uh huh. Mhm. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mm. Mhm. Yes. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. No. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Top Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Okay. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah, mm mm mm. Hi,
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: how are you? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Have
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: to reschedule this thing like three times people weren't showing up on time.
SPEAKER_L: I really
SPEAKER_R: True.
SPEAKER_L: like, no, I've only this is only my second one. So I mean I showed up for the last one and then someone should the person showed up. So I've not had a non showing up type person yet. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: I was beginning to think it was like a patient staying. See how many times you want to try it honestly. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That's very funny. Uh So we're located,
SPEAKER_R: Right. I'm in Houston.
SPEAKER_L: okay. I'm in north Carolina.
SPEAKER_R: Q. Q. Are things going over there?
SPEAKER_L: You know it's so I were kind of in a suburb of Raleigh north Carolina, so Capital. I mean it's it's interesting because of course like everywhere where shut down. But you know like you can't go to a basketball but you can go to like sports, you can't um
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: Even though I like I heard today like one of my friends, their kids are in a soccer tournament. I'm like, wait, I thought that they weren't allowed to do that. Um But you know like restaurants are open except that it reduced capacity. And it's so it's it's strange. It's like
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: sorry.
SPEAKER_L: had beans normal but it's not normal at all. Um How about where you're at?
SPEAKER_R: Pretty much the same. I think we're supposed to be having to shut down later on, but I know the governor keeps suing against good. I don't know. It's been about the same since like april like we can't go to bars, but we can go to everywhere else. You're still a little lines. Uh and the Kroger's the the state three ft apart. Makes
SPEAKER_L: And.
SPEAKER_R: you feel like a little kid. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And so why do you do these uh, surveys or what,
SPEAKER_R: Trying
SPEAKER_L: why why
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: do
SPEAKER_R: get
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: some extra dinner.
SPEAKER_L: do? I
SPEAKER_R: Just trying to get some extra cash. I got nothing better to do right now. You can't really
SPEAKER_L: same?
SPEAKER_R: go outside so it might as well do surveys to kill time. What about you?
SPEAKER_L: It's kind of the same way like um you know, during covid my my whole company,
SPEAKER_R: Great
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: stuff.
SPEAKER_L: all put pay cuts and
SPEAKER_R: Contact
SPEAKER_L: and it's uh, it's not like, I mean I I admit that I I do recent, but
SPEAKER_R: unidentified.
SPEAKER_L: you know, when we got the mandatory pay cuts, it's like, wow, I haven't not made that in like, you know, like five years
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: and so,
SPEAKER_R: And then
SPEAKER_L: you know, you don't kind of change your life and then all of a sudden like now you don't expect that moment. But I kind of, I used to always do user testing, you know, because I thought was interesting like you get a chance to really tell somebody how you feel. And then somebody told me about prolific and you know, I'm like, I like giving my opinions and answering service. So, you know, it's just kind of nice to have a little bit of, you know, like I call this kind of fun money so that I don't feel guilty about like if I want to buy a shirt or if I want to spend money on like rent, movies or something that I don't feel guilty about it, type thing. But yeah, it's uh, it's weird times that we're in right now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I know what you need about that extra money thing too. I feel like I'm online all the time so I might as well get in the browser extension, make a little something on the side. Don't feel bad if I like Buy something for like a phone app game or something. You know, like it's $5. But like I just made $5 doing nothing so it works out. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Like I was I was telling my cousin because I I I spent a lot of time online just with my job
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: and I'm on a lot of calls that I don't really need to be there, but I'm kind of their only to like walk away, like, like I do a lot of project management. So, um, you know, when people are kind of trying
SPEAKER_R: But.
SPEAKER_L: to figure out answers or something, I'm not, I can't really add anything. I can take away the deliverable two takeaways, all that stuff. So it's like I told them I said, oh, I even, you know, do like mechanical turk because sometimes you have just super things, like my favorite one is rate or give feedback on dating profile pictures and it's like, yeah, that was acceptable. Yeah, you look good in that picture. You know, we're like, they'll ask you to give a quick little one liner. And so I I usually
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: tell the guys, I'm like, when you smile, show your teeth because sometimes when you're like, you don't know, like not have teeth. So and I told my, my cousins that's like, that's three cents
SPEAKER_R: Me.
SPEAKER_L: and you can you can sit there and do that all day long and it's fast. It doesn't take brain power. But you know that three cents adds up over time and then before you know it, like I have a little extra money in amazon that I can do something with. So I kind of feel it like you have all this time and you could be doing something with it and I'm not, you know like people that can make something and sell them at saying things
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: like I'm not gifted in it that way at all. So it's kind of like a diversion I guess, but also making a little bit of something. I don't feel guilty if I by like an extra level in Kings Cross or something like that.
SPEAKER_R: Exactly. Okay, consistent cemetery because it like profession when you like get maybe four or five servings a day or is it like ipod were like, you're supposed to just be there back to back.
SPEAKER_L: So I I've never What was prolific.
SPEAKER_R: Look
SPEAKER_L: I get maybe one
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: or 2. Like
SPEAKER_R: people.
SPEAKER_L: today it was really slow. Like I didn't really
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: get I think one. Um and then on mechanical turk I just do I you know, like I've had that account for years, but I used to never do that much with it now like with Covid, you know, like
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: I used to get a lot of heard of
SPEAKER_R: Because
SPEAKER_L: like NHL games with my boyfriend has season tickets and so we would, you know, like during hockey season there was always a game to go to or something. And uh So, you know, I didn't have a lot of nights where I just, you know, would sometimes be sitting here like, what am I gonna do? So on mechanical turk. I do think that aren't
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: going to take a lot of brainpower and aren't gonna,
SPEAKER_R: combination.
SPEAKER_L: you're gonna have to pay like 100% attention to them. And so they're usually the cheaper ones and then I'll quickly go in and if it's, if it's going to take me more than a few seconds
SPEAKER_R: Quick.
SPEAKER_L: and I'll just return that one and move on because I'm not trying to, it's like a multitasking thing, but yet I can do some decent stuff. Um
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: but I think, you know, like prolific. I, you know, I've actually for a while it's getting a lot, but I think it's just been a little bit slow maybe because the holidays coming up.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I made my camp last monday. She got about €50. Got a good amount of them starting off. But right now it's just been dead since like thursday ish, maybe friday ish.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, and I don't know if it's because like, you know, if you think they're all universities and stuff that it's starting to go into fall break, that's what I assumed.
SPEAKER_R: Two come
SPEAKER_L: But even I do like, have you ever used the site user testing dot com?
SPEAKER_R: No man.
SPEAKER_L: That's a really good one. Like, you know, depending on your background um like I think if you ever do any item york, they seem to have a lot of stuff, but like literally I've done, you'll you'll have to do like your recorded not often with your face, but you'll have like a screen recorder on your computer.
SPEAKER_R: Punk
SPEAKER_L: And they'll ask you to go to like a website. Um Like I did one for capital one
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: where they gave you a prototype and they asked you to like where would you go to find this? And they recorded where you click and you're supposed to talk out loud while you do it? And so
SPEAKER_R: Wait.
SPEAKER_L: minimum there $10 apiece. Like if you get selected for one and then if you do one where you have to record like with your webcam, your iphone or your android, then those pay $15 And then they'll do live interviews where it's like $30 for 30 minutes or $60 for an hour. I rarely get close them for those, but I did have one about my internet cable service about their customer
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: service which is kind of cool because like I hate them on their customer service. So it's like you got to kind of get feedback to be like, this is why I dread any time I have to call you and then you got to pay $30 for and they pay like literally to say like
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: it's 10 o'clock, it's like 10, 10 tonight, like in a north Carolina right now. They'll pay you next Monday at 10:10
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: PM via paypal. They're very
SPEAKER_R: excuse
SPEAKER_L: reliable.
SPEAKER_R: me.
SPEAKER_L: I've done this, I've done their stuff for years and I saw like on Reddit where people share like beer money, what they make in a month and generally people with you, if you kind of consistently go in there and look, um, you know, like I, I try to get maybe one a day. It's been slow like over the weekend and today, but usually I can get at least 1 $10.1 a day. And then the prolific stuff so you should try that one out. It's another really good one.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: have to check it out. That sounds pretty good.
SPEAKER_L: yes adjust user testing dot com. Yeah and it's and it's legitimate. You know like I literally I think I was going through my past results and I think I had something even like four or five years ago so it's legitimate.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I just barely started checking these out, like I said on monday, all the other ones with that. If you're not worked out and it's just been too slow. Like I got a bunch of Naipaul the first day and then it's been like absolutely nothing ever since, ever since I finished my profile actually when I was like a 32 to 37% I was getting a bunch of them for some reason, I guess I'm not the target demographic for whoever is giving the service.
SPEAKER_L: I think it just depends on what they're looking for at the time. I mean because it's you know my cousin was telling me because I was telling her you know well her husband lost his
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: job because
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: of Covid. Um And he's a he's an aircraft mechanic. And so there's not he worked at ge
SPEAKER_R: Work.
SPEAKER_L: aviation building aircraft engines because even a work there you have to have like an FAA. License
SPEAKER_R: If
SPEAKER_L: and you know like where we live I mean we don't have a huge airport like we don't have like
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: Houston intercontinental
SPEAKER_R: exact.
SPEAKER_L: airport so we don't have like major facilities for aircraft maintenance and they just had a baby. So you know it's there not in a great Place right now. And she she was asking me for other ones to do just because even like an extra $20 here and there would still be pretty awesome for them. Um But yeah so the user testing I told her about prolific and there's one called Intel is um too that's really good. Um But I haven't got anything from them and like a few A few days but sometimes I get like a $5 survey and it's like what they would have you doing prolific but it's just on a different platform.
SPEAKER_R: One.
SPEAKER_L: So you should try those out to like the mechanical turk on amazon, that's just slow going. But it's kind of one of those things that if I have to listen to a webinar or something, then you can visually just do something fast,
SPEAKER_R: Check.
SPEAKER_L: you know, but you're not gonna get rich, you're not gonna take you forever to save up for like an app on your iphone or something where you're your phone. So, but I kind of view it like, you know, I just try not to look at the balance and then like the day I ordered when I ordered some groceries from amazon prime. Now I used what was on the account to be like, oh okay, it was like having a gift card, so you know, it didn't have to worry that. Yeah, That was that was like 12 minutes of just talking about how to make actually mine.
SPEAKER_R: Who excited? I got to game the system killed as much time as we can on this thing, I don't know what to talk about, I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_L: I don't think we have to talk about anything for like the last day I talked to, it was interesting because we talked a little bit about politics, there was a week ago that I felt her and uh it was just funny because she and I were would, I mean I could tell we were definitely are not anything alike. There was still an interesting conversation, you know, it's like, okay, you know, her perspective versus mine. And, and then it was funny because as we were talking, like I made a mention about my mom, my mom is autistic and her son was, it's that kind of when we were able to share some stories there, but you know, I was, I was a little bit shocked because she was in Utah, but she had literally not left her house since March. I'm like, wow, hey,
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: awful.
SPEAKER_L: I know, I, I don't know how mentally I, I would, I don't, I don't know how to do that, like that would be and she's like, I'm just
SPEAKER_R: Syria.
SPEAKER_L: so scared and I'm like holy kind of like since March, that is yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's uh committing a felony and you're on house arrest time, you know like I couldn't do that. I work E. M. S. So I'm outside all the time. I don't want to say that I'm not worried, but like I'm exposed to all the time so what else can I do? The only thing it's really affected me is I can't go out to bars, takeout restaurants and I've been able to be with my family in a long time. My dad said a lung problems before yet, fluid a few years
SPEAKER_L: now.
SPEAKER_R: ago. They're absolutely terrified. They were communicating. It's over the film and or like honk at them when I'm driving by. Which is a shame because they still have the family bed and I love that girl, I haven't seen her in so long.
SPEAKER_L: that's happening is the, you know, all of this is just fascinating
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: because my mom lives with me and my mom, um I encouraged him when I was in college that she should go back to college and then she moved in with me and never left and
SPEAKER_R: I'm.
SPEAKER_L: then I realized that when my mom graduated high school, she went to the military, so uncle Sam took care of her, she got married, then she had a husband take care of her, then they got divorced, she'd be right back home
SPEAKER_R: Perfect.
SPEAKER_L: and then she moved on me. She's just not, she's not really good at high functioning, She has a job to work for actually an airline remotely, but she's just, she's not really able to be a fully independent person. Like she's, there's some things you can easily take advantage over her over and my mom
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: only has one kidney because years ago she had kidney cancer and had one removed and she's not in the best of health. And so my family was terrified to see her and like visit her and, and, and so then on her birthday they kind of did a or like a Mother's Day or something, they did a drive by and they came and everybody socially distanced and then,
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: you know, I think more months passed and you know, we, we ended up having a family get together. My mom came to that and, And I think it's, and my mom told me, she goes, you know, I'm 67
SPEAKER_R: Some
SPEAKER_L: years
SPEAKER_R: search.
SPEAKER_L: old and my family is the most important
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: thing. It's like all I have, she's like, if I were to get
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: sick and die, like
SPEAKER_R: which?
SPEAKER_L: I that's to me better than not seeing being alienated. And so to me, that was a very interesting perspective hearing that from her because it's bothered her like mentally this has been very difficult for her. And I think a lot of people are struggling with that. Like it's so isolating and whatnot.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: So you
SPEAKER_R: gave
SPEAKER_L: do?
SPEAKER_R: you come from, I do
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: a lot of hospitals, well not hospice care but I transport like uh I
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: mean a mess but a lot of the times I'm just picking up people from like hospices, retirement homes, your own home and taking them to plant like that was just clinics like I imagine a lot of those people however higher this er like you wouldn't want to spend your last couple of months completely isolate and not being able to see your family. I heard from one of them, well I heard from a relative of one of them that their grandmother passed and she was just alone the past five months. Didn't get to see your kids. And you could see her grandkids and sounds just tragic to me. It sounds worse than whatever girl in this day.
SPEAKER_L: And that, so my my boyfriend actually works for for a for a pharmaceutical company. He's a um forecaster literally like I didn't even know that these dogs existed and he used to forecast like how many patients will we have with HIV and what kind of drugs and what kind of like when will they take it, how long will they take it? You know? Is this something that You know like if we because they give away so many drugs like how do we make sure that we even hit this? If we're giving away like right now he works on cancer drugs and they give away almost 38% of all the drugs um to like patient assistance programs. And so he was looking at the data because he's a statistician economist and he's looking at the data and he told me pleased to be very worried about you guys here's Christina. I think there's probably gonna be more deaths. Like if you look at it, he's like I think a lot of deaths are going to go down because people aren't driving, they're not going out there, not getting into a drunk driving accident you know there, But he's like you know he was seeing it even in his patients for this, this cancer drug that he works on because it's not a cancer that you just had. Its not like lung cancer, you have tons and you could see where patients were delaying care. They weren't going in because they were afraid of getting covid But yet the people that take his drug, you're not taking it because you have many options. Like, you're at kind of like, this may give you a few more months of life and that's it, that's all it's going to do for you. And he said that bothered him worse, knowing that certain people are now they're too afraid because they're they're they don't know which ones or even the oncologist weren't seeing them. Or he's like, I'm worried that the ramifications of this, you know, like, what does our suicide rates look like? What do you like the, you know, the fact that so many people now are under, they under job, they don't have, you know, they're not getting paid enough or they're losing their jobs. He's like, what is that going to do for mental health and and suicide? He's like, I anticipate they're going to go higher and higher. And then when he was saying in his cancer patients where they were delaying
SPEAKER_R: Second
SPEAKER_L: care because you kind of are able to forecast
SPEAKER_R: except,
SPEAKER_L: how many you should get. He's like, that just bothered him fundamentally because he's like, what are we doing to ourselves? Like is it worth that? He's like, I don't know the answer to that yet, but he's like that to him with a big,
SPEAKER_R: Please.
SPEAKER_L: you know, I don't think people think of it in that way. Um So e m s like my cousin used to do that, he was here in north Carolina a lot of times. The firehouse, your fireman and you do I. M. S. Work. And he used to do a lot of what you said like there
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: would be a lot of transports and whatnot. But um and then first response of course and he's like,
SPEAKER_R: injury.
SPEAKER_L: but he moved to a different district and then he had more of the transfers from the hospital which his wife was happy about because she used to work in a very rough area. Just like I get kind of, it's like I get scared because what he's had a gun Alabama before and be like save my friend.
SPEAKER_R: Ooh.
SPEAKER_L: And he's like, like, you know, it's hard to concentrate when you have a pistol up against my, I'm trying to any gina, I need you to kind of subway because
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I'm getting nervous. But he's like, it's it's a tough job. Like a lot of, you know, it would have impact him. Like, you know, would have like a, with a gallo sense of humor. But he's like, it's still
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: mentally tough job. Um, he thought to be a paramedic and E. M. S. He's like, cause sometimes you try so hard and it's, it's just not gun. How long you even?
SPEAKER_R: I've been doing that about three years. What is uh 2016,
SPEAKER_L: Well what?
SPEAKER_R: I've been a relatively team environment. I've never had a gun brought on me for example, but like dismissively long hours were messing up the medication one or 3 bad accidents, but overall to have a good experience. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Good. Yeah. He now works in the area where like, in fact, he's like a, he's like, they have more visits from like the community or neighborhood schools to be like, come here to see this is what the ambulances looks like. He's like, they don't have a huge amount of calls. Like in his new section. He's like, it's so surreal. He's like a lot of these guys, you know, you're kind of on call and you're just relax.
SPEAKER_R: She
SPEAKER_L: And he's like, I remember back when I worked in this other town where it was, it was always a hot mess, like you're going on, you know, for your whole shift. Um It's just interesting. Very cool. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Magic.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So like most of the time just giving chinese food or picking up older people, but yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Hey, I mean, who doesn't like chinese food? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: It's like down the road from my station, so it's perfect, You know, kind of sport. 12 businesses in this time. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's good. It's kind of um like my boyfriend, I because he won't cook, he does not cook at all and he has a inflammatory bowel condition, so he only likes states certain things because he knows that it won't bother him. And so we still would get take out from all the places that and usually they're small places, but he's like, he's like, he's like, I sit there and think about heather. She's, he, heather is a person that would always serve me at lunch at Tuesday's like, she's always there. He's like, heather doesn't have another job. I know she has kids, like if no one's tipping her house, heather going to make it, and he's like, that stuff just bothers me. He's like, or, you know, we, there's a barbecue place we really like, like, you know that guy, he's like, we talked to him, you know, he saved all his money to open up this place. He's like, if we don't go and order something from him, what's he gonna do? And I'm like, you can't save everybody, but he's like, you know, I worry about those people more than I worry about like, target. He's like, target hurting. Um Yeah, small businesses. I Oof, I, I cringe. Like, I had, you know, like those gyms, like Orange Theory, like the studios, like there was one that just opened up here and I had joined and literally they weren't opened up for a month until Covid shut them down and they haven't been able to reopen.
SPEAKER_R: Stay
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: at
SPEAKER_L: I'm thinking
SPEAKER_R: home.
SPEAKER_L: myself like all of the equipment that they had a finance and hi how do you plan for that? You don't plan for that? You don't plan to be like I'm going to be shut down for months.
SPEAKER_R: Super.
SPEAKER_L: You just
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: you don't plan for that. You can't. So it's I I feel for a lot of people right now.
SPEAKER_R: Anyone who opened up 2018, you're probably gonna end up closing down by the start of the year if they haven't already shut down. I know my favorite seafood place shut down and like it it really hurts me. I love that thing going here since I was like seven years old. I don't even know the people personally, but they were so nice.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well because it becomes that you know when you're used to it, like I used to work out and so my job I used to travel a lot and I had a client out in san Francisco and there was this place called Specialties and I know that we're in Washington state and a few other places. But it was like the place where all the office workers, you know if you had a catering lunch like boxed lunches and they had these amazing cookies and you know like I worked on a project where the company kept bringing us lunch and every
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: day and I remember some girl being like I do not want to specialties cooking especially as lunch again, she's like we had it and they were really nice sandwiches and bakery and and so I still got their emails because you know, even though they don't have any of that on the east coast, but I still got their emails and they completely in every state they were in there like we are not ever going to be able to reopen this was And you know, I was thinking like how how could they not survive? I mean it's a huge you know they had probably 30 locations and you know like people love, they even sold like the cookie mix in the boxes and stuff and coffee mixes and I'm like, wow, I
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: didn't think and they were like, it has just dealt a blow that there's no way we can, we can recover and you think about like everyone store, there's a manager system here. You know, like there's a lot of people that just completely
SPEAKER_R: So.
SPEAKER_L: everything just worked out from underneath them. So it's sad like it's really, it's sad. I, you know, I don't if I think about too much, it just, it depresses me because you know, I know I had to do a pay cut but you know, I look at my cousin, her husband, there's, you know, they keep asking if he'll take a job elsewhere in a different state. But then they got two small kids, you know, like they don't have an extra help or support your out, you know, in a different state. So it's just, you know, stuff like that. It's just really sad I think. But
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: counter
SPEAKER_R: know what you mean? My dad's, you, I just ran out and was kind of freaking out about what's going on. Uh One of my brother's diabetic and it's super expensive, they're the ones autistic too, so we can't really count on him to make any money on his own. I'm about to start having supplement their symptoms. I'm actually thinking about possibly moving in with them, but I don't know how to feel about me doing my job, going into people's houses and then coming back and they're quarantining completely defeat the purpose of what they've been doing. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: that is really. So, um I
SPEAKER_R: I mean.
SPEAKER_L: used to have a diabetic cat. He's now passed away, but every time I go by his insulin, because it took people insulin, he's Atlantis and the Walgreens would be like um ma'am, do you know how much this calls? I'm like, I know how much it costs. And they're like okay because sometimes people, you know, even for people that are just like, you know, and I just remember every year the price to go higher and higher And luckily because he's a cat and even though they would say you're
SPEAKER_R: weapon.
SPEAKER_L: supposed to throw out the bottle in 30 days, that's all the pharmacist is that you have lost your mind. I keep it hidden. I wrap it up out of light because until it starts turning cloudy or I can tell his blood sugar like I can't afford to buy, I think it was like $310 a month.
SPEAKER_R: Ooh.
SPEAKER_L: Like there's no way I could no way that people, a lot of people can do that and especially I'm not gonna do that for a cat. So I would I'm like I understand you have to tell me I need to get a new bottle in 30 days but you've lost your mind. So I sit there and think about, you know, I'm unfortunate that I don't have any major like prescriptions or stuff like that that I would have to worry about because you know that is a real, you know that's a real scary and that's all that my cousin and her husband are, they're not talking about it, but they're thinking about it because she does take some medications that are not, you know, without insurance, it would be very cost prohibitive. Um I thought
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: that they extended unemployment insurance, so I thought they made it longer, I guess. It just depends somewhere,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's probably a state by state basis I know here in texas it's either running out or it's about threw it out. I've been talking to my mother because my father is basically like stupid. The press kind of shut down at most. I got like a lots of good morning text from them. So maybe she's uninformed, but he said maybe she's just reading into his emotions.
SPEAKER_L: Well, I think it doesn't feel like, I don't know, like, you know, my mom, because my mom works for an airline and And she works for American Airlines and I know they furloughed like almost 20,000 people and she just happened to be lucky that they had enough people in her type of work that they took voluntary leave or they put voluntary early retirement. Um,
SPEAKER_R: True.
SPEAKER_L: but because of my mom's health, like she needs that health insurance. So it's, you know, every every time they come out with a new, like, here's our response to Covid. I'm sitting here, like, they're gonna say,
SPEAKER_R: It's quick.
SPEAKER_L: you know, they're going to lay off more people and then, you know, she can't go without having certain characters naturally, like the one kidney and she had to have two surgeries last year. So it is, it's like, I, you know, I try to not think about it. She tries not to think about it. I mean, there's nothing that either one of us can do. But um, you know, they always hurt her boss and they post on their internet, like, well, there's not been another stimulus path. And so here's what we're doing for right now, here's what we're gonna try to do. And, you know, and I sit there and think about that real people. And then it's not just the worker because if you think about, like, Dallas is a huge and we're working hub. Like,
SPEAKER_R: You're
SPEAKER_L: so if you have
SPEAKER_R: staying
SPEAKER_L: a bunch of people unemployed, there's business that other
SPEAKER_R: born.
SPEAKER_L: businesses are going. Software. I mean, other people that you know, if you can't have that many
SPEAKER_R: Perfect.
SPEAKER_L: people out there that it does it cause a ripple effect, right? It hurts everybody. So
SPEAKER_R: we'll be richard. Chain restaurants are shutting down so like no work, everything is going to be coming down.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, scary. Like, I hope that I hope that your, you know, things for your dad and your family, you
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: know?
SPEAKER_R: appreciate that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, because it sucks right? Like, you know, it I wish there was easier answers because I don't know what they are. Like I
SPEAKER_R: It's really nothing deeper weeded out. Honestly. It
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: might be a vaccine sometime around april
SPEAKER_L: well, my friends, a
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: molecular microbiologist, she works with all the nasty stuff and she said that the Pfizer vaccine, she goes, I always ask them like, would you take that vaccine?
SPEAKER_R: perhaps.
SPEAKER_L: She's like this one. Yes, She's like because and then she starts spewing off science stuff and I'm like, I don't know what that, but
SPEAKER_R: You can.
SPEAKER_L: you're talking to me like, I am a doctor, I know this, I don't She said there was a couple other vaccines that they were passing. She's like, oh no, I wouldn't take most. She's like, but the fires are one. She goes, it's stuff that we know how to do. She's like, it would be taken like the flu vaccine she gets, it's truly
SPEAKER_R: Three
SPEAKER_L: that she said it will be that safe. And she is in the data is very promising. So she was like, I would definitely take it. She gets her husband, he's actually a paramedic fireman
SPEAKER_R: Cute.
SPEAKER_L: and surprised that he is not been infected because he got a bad heart issues. Like she's like, I knew that if anyone in our family is gonna get in fact that it's gonna be him. And she's like, he hasn't yet. And she's like, I think it's because, you know, they're wearing in 25s and you know, just put it up very differently
SPEAKER_R: We
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: naturally
SPEAKER_L: she's
SPEAKER_R: ain't about washing your hands on that line of work. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: exactly. So he's been very, you know, like they've had a lot of really strict procedures and so he has not, he's been tested several times and he's never been sick.
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: But she tells me she goes that vaccine because it's good science. And she's like, it's, she's like, it's one that I would take. And so when she tells me that I'm like, okay Because she was the one that she gave me a heads up because I think we're going
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: to have to quarantine. And so I asked my company back in like February one. I still have the email said, Hey, this might impact some of our clients, this virus in
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: China. We should probably go ahead and start
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: thinking about contingency plans because a lot of clients
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: will rely on stuff in china and this might impact. I could tell my, my boss was like, you're a whack.
SPEAKER_R: Shop
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: get
SPEAKER_L: she told me she was like, I think we're gonna quarantine. I'm like, are you serious? Because you know, before I've asked about like bird flu and stuff and she was like, no, the day you see that I tell my kids like I'm gonna pull my kid out of school or that I don't go into the office. She's like, that's when you should know like, oh and she started feeling that way we're gonna be under quarantine. You should probably make sure you have enough food for, You know, like a good 30 days. Like are you serious? And she's like, well it's gonna come, it's coming. She was right. So you know.
SPEAKER_R: They 140 day 260 or something like that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Like, so you're in Houston? So I don't know. I mean, I know y'all get back brother. But like here in north Carolina, like he was still a big deal. Like, you know, even for snowstorm, you'll be out for at least two days, but not for like the school year. I mean that's what kills me. Like it is, kids have literally been out of school. I mean you look really young, like I'm 42 years old, but you look very young.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: You do, you look like you're in your 20s. So
SPEAKER_R: I'm 26.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, you're wrong. I think this is something that I've never, no one has ever experienced this before. I mean, it blurred my mind. Like, I can't remember. I think even with one of our worst hurricanes, I think my college
SPEAKER_R: Very
SPEAKER_L: was shut
SPEAKER_R: good
SPEAKER_L: down
SPEAKER_R: Church.
SPEAKER_L: for like a week and that was it. And and after that it's like, I don't care if you don't have running water, you have to
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: get back. So this kind of, it is a huge thing. You'll be something, you'll tell your grandkids and their kids, you know. Kind of amazing. So
SPEAKER_R: Still about that one time you watched every movie on netflix? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I've gone through a lot of theories. I was like, hey, let's just not the Walking Dead. I mean, here's that, you know? But at least it's not like what's the meaning out there with like if it's going to be the zombies,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: let it be like the walking Dead and not like
SPEAKER_R: The other ones?
SPEAKER_L: the fast ones that brad hit me because that would be they run past. Some of us would struggle myself included.
SPEAKER_R: I do not have the car due to keep up with them.
SPEAKER_L: No, no, no, no. And I yeah, they're way too fast. So I mean, I think because it's now we we were only replaced with the halt for 25 minutes. I think we can actually let each other go if you want.
SPEAKER_R: I appreciate you driving the conversation. I had no idea what to talk about for 20 minutes
SPEAKER_L: I know. I know when I I think we both talk. I mean, you know, so
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know what they're going to get out of this, but I don't know. I like to think of it as as human beings. Sometimes you can just pleasantly
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: talk to someone. That's what I get out of it. At least. I mean and I'll be thinking about your family because I, you
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: I know it's scary for your dad and and I know that in the add stress to your mom and you and
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: everyone and so I would just keep you all my prayers and thoughts
SPEAKER_R: Right. I appreciate you. You
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: have a great one.
SPEAKER_L: need to take care.