change that he's on monitoring. I don't think about it. Okay this isn't how I want to know. Well he's getting up. Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah. Yes correct. Yeah. Thanks. It's perfectly moving. Mhm. Uh huh.
Hi how are you doing?
I
I'm doing okay and see if I can clear up a little bit so it doesn't chop off my head. There you go. What's
your name?
James
nice to meet you too.
We
talked about anything we want. Yeah. So is this your first time doing this this survey thing?
Yeah I've done one other, I signed up a couple times but the other person hasn't shown up but I have had one. Yeah I have had one that went you know the whole 25 minutes so I guess we'll just talk about whatever if you hear snorting and barking. I have my dogs right here this is. Uh huh. Always very interested in whatever I'm doing.
No I haven't.
Mhm. Yeah my dogs, they won two dogs, one is named duck, he likes to bark a lot, so you'll probably hear em bark or growl. Uh And then I have goose who's kind of more of a quiet passive dogs, but they're both black lab mix is so
rubber duckie
Duck
is
the
almost £90 and gooses 60 lb. Come here Ducky.
Oh, just as good share. But
if you
have money,
good and then duck, you see if he'll come up, I don't know where you get up, you've got bad back legs. Doesn't always like to jump up, yep.
I'll explain
everything.
Yeah.
that's funny. Well hopefully. How old is she?
Okay, so I mean it's not too old, not too young for a small dog like that, so,
But
duck is four and gooses too.
So
yeah, they're pretty new. We had we had two black labs before then we had slow go and bear and then they both passed away. So in Sligo passed away we got Duck and then when they're passed away we got so
my
gosh.
But
What
over?
no.
Yeah I grew up with dogs and then you know when I became an adult and had my own house uh got a dog so I was 28 I think 2028 when I got slugged up had him for 14 years. And then so I went on my own for I guess 18 years now. So yeah, I can't
Yeah. Yeah both both Sligo I think it's going to be about 14 and bear with about 13. So that's pretty old for bigger dogs. So you're smaller dogs like your springer spaniel, She's you know she's left you know good
14.
Yeah the bigger the dog the more the younger that they are considered to be senior dogs and passed away. So like great danes like only
lived to be like eight or nine. And then like um Labradors are usually 12 or 13. And then like your smaller dogs like the really tiny ones can be like 16, 17, 18. Like koalas can really you know live for a long time. There was a I did read an article the other day Probably a month ago that there was a there was a golden retriever who just turned 20. It's the oldest golden retriever on record. So
that we yeah I mean they say dogs don't live as long as they used to because much like us they you know all the dog foods processed and so there's raw food movement and stuff like that for dogs, but you know, just just like with
us, you know, we're crap too.
Great.
The
Oh my gosh.
Is,
yeah, I know. As I've gotten older, like it's hard, like I'm like average built now, but I probably way like £30 more than I did when I was in my 20s. And it's just like, as you get older, your metabolism slows down and you know, all that other kind of stuff. So you got to watch more yet.
But I'm really lazy when it comes to food. Like I'm a big like microwave frozen dinner kind of person. I don't eat a lot of vegetables, you know, I like fast food a lot. So, you know, just, it's hard to cook for one or cook for two, you know, it's it's not that
easy.
The
you know.
Well you can see on the refrigerator I've got two little like magnetic dry erase sports and so when I go shopping I write down like all the different meals I can make with what I bought and then as I make them erase it and uh,
you know, so
I have like 66 more meal possibilities before I added dinner options. But I'll probably go shopping probably next couple of days and build that back up. But my partner, he's super picky about what he eats. So like yeah, like no fruits and vegetables like at all he doesn't eat except for like master like potatoes, tater tots and french fries. Like those are the vegetables like doesn't eat like beans or beats or corn or anything like that. So that's hard that he
hasn't read
beat.
Yeah, he doesn't eat red meat. Uh
we neither of us eat fish. So all of our meats are usually like pork, chicken or turkey. And then, you know, he works overnights, like he just left for work. So literally when I get up he comes home, he's waiting for a couple hours. I go to work, I come home, we eat together and then he goes to work. So uh,
if
yeah, we got, you know, so which is good because there's always someone home with the dogs, which is nice, but you know,
but he has such a narrow kind of palette and not that minds big. I don't know that I have a big palette, but his is even more narrow than mine, so it's tough. So you know, My dad was the same way like we used to have like five meals. My dad is like onions or garlic or ethnic food or anything else like that. So a lot of essentially different ways to have ground beef, like spaghetti
tacos,
sloppy joes like.
It
Those
are
What?
Yeah, I know, you know with the whole coronavirus stuff and everything, I stopped working my jobs and so I didn't work for a while and so now they became sort of cost conscious. So I shifted from shopping at publix. Now I shop at walmart, right, that's cheaper. And so you sort of lose things that wal mart doesn't care. You almost have to create new a new road, like new things in the rotation. I missed some stuff. So KJ I'll talk about the public to get those things, but you know, you're also sort of defined
by
shop,
where do you live, where do you live?
No.
So
Yeah, Publix is like Southeast, so it's like florida Georgia, the Carolinas, it's like a regional chain. So like, you know, I'm from michigan, so we'd like Kroger up in michigan, what do you have, do you have a T. V. Or what do you have?
Yeah, Publix is really expensive, like it's probably like a dollar more items. Each item is like a lot more expensive, you know, so they do a lot of buy one, get one free, so if you shop at the right time and like you sort of like watch the cycle of the buy one, get one, you can, you know do okay, but you know like a pizza that's $5 like, you know, California, Pizza Kitchen pizza for example, cell has sold at both wal mart and public, it's $5 at walmart and $6 at Publix, you know? But it also adds up you know over time because you know, so I'm not a big fan
of walmart.
Yeah that's that's the thing, you know
it is it is a big difference you know? But you know Publix they have a you know every every lane has like a cashier and a bagger and like they'll they'll always offer to carry your stuff out to the car, you know, it's like there's always a lot of lanes open
so
you're generally either like you can usually like walk up to cash out or you're like the next person in line, there's very rarely ever lines at public so grand you're paying a little bit more. But the store is cleaner, It's better staffed you know it's better stopped you know? That's
what
you pay
for.
public is nice if you have the money but like I'm trying to scrimp and save a little bit more you know?
it was
that's
why.
Yeah that's what I do like now I kinda have like probably 80% of things I get at Walmart you know and then like all the staples of everything and then things I can't get at Walmart I'll go to public so I'll go to trader Joe's to get. Yeah yeah but just over time you know it's just your palate. You know what you can cook for dinner. Score of changes
you know? So it's
so
you live here.
No go ahead
go ahead.
Well he
goes
to work at eight p.m. And I get home from work really around six.
So he sleeps about 5 36.
So
you
know we've been together actually a nine year anniversary was yesterday or the day before yesterday. So thank you. Yeah so we just sort of figured out like what everyone what are each
person's role
is. So I do all the grocery shopping and the cooking and then
he does
all the cleaning and laundry and you know change the sheets on the bed and does the dishes unloads. Uh He feeds the dogs in the morning, I generally will feed them at night. Um So we just sort of have sort of like what each of us does and that way they don't really
worry
worry about
it,
you know? So so sometimes like welcome home and I'll cook and he won't be hungry and like okay, well you know, just put you know, package it up and you hear the later we get leftovers or whatever else. So we've got it pretty much down to a science now at this point. But
the
no,
no,
if he's been working overnights, I don't know, probably for about maybe six months he works for lows. So he used to be um well when we first met he was he worked for a bright house which is like our cable company and then he went to work for lows maybe like three years ago and he was head cashier. So he had just kind of normal retail. Our like sometimes it was seven in the morning, sometimes he was at work until 10 o'clock at night, but then he went into pricing so we want to change all the pricing for sales and stuff like that. Now that's an overnight conditions. So that happened I mean like in february or March, so it's still barely knew that he works the overnight but we were able to sort of figure it out um you know and it's like I said it's nice because there's someone who always home with the dogs which is good and they kind of maybe freak out a little when you're home now but so I mean that works.
But
yeah like I'm not even allowed to do laundry, you know like like I would not even consider it because like I don't put in the fabric softener and I don't do this and I don't do that so you know it's just just learned you know what you like and you know, I I would prefer not to do any housework at all, but you know, I gotta do something you know,
before he moved in with me, I had I had a main service that would come and clean my house once a month. So
like that's how much
I
didn't
want to do it.
I remember
my mom did that and she used to clean before the cleaner came over because she didn't want the cleaner to think that we were messy people. So like say the
house
over Tuesday morning, she'd run around Tuesday morning and like, straighten up and everything and I'm like,
you're defeating the purpose of
the whole thing
they're hoping you're discussing because that is why they have a job. You know,
it's not like we're hoarders are you? You know, it's just like Yeah, but I mean, even with technology gets a little bit easier because people Roomba, you know, so just help put the Roomba in the bedroom and my both my dogs
shuttle
up the Roomba uh
well,
As we go vacuum cleaners, so you press the button and it just goes and gets all the dog hair up because my both my dogs shed, so instead of having to clean up the house, he'll just stick the Roomba in the bedroom and turn it out and it will,
you know, clean and
you know,
yeah, it stops after a while, like, I mean the more expensive one, ours isn't an expensive one, but you get more expensive ones that sort of like learn where everything is and like you can figure out how many times it's gone over it and stuff like that. But
I think this
goes until
the battery
is
but
Just
no
these
it
is
good,
Brexit,
But
for
yeah, yeah, there's a big, there's a big issue with Alexa listening and recording stuff that they, you know google news articles about it, you'll find a lot about it but joe he's really into technology so all of our stuff is through google so like all of our light so I can turn off any light in the house, I can turn the tv on and off. Um you know we've got cameras, we've got uh you know like all that stuff he's really into so I can be like ok, google, turn off the kitchen lights, they should turn off the not
So
turn on the kitchen lights.
even when we haven't said that, I can say good night to google and it turns off the tv, it turns off all the lights in here and then you know the same thing when you're in bed, you tell google, turn off all the lights or whatever and you know that you don't get
up and turn lights switch off and you know, it's like that. So it's nice, you know? Uh, I like technology. I'm not really suspicious of it. Just like as you get older, it gets too complicated. Like, You know, like I'm probably your parents age, you know, I'm 46 so I'm probably close to your parents age. So like you get to a certain point where I used to work for Apple and like I, I understood everything then, but that was like five years ago. So technology has changed so much in five years. Like I don't like tic tac like, like I don't do Tiktok like I don't, you know, like I understand
it,
but I would
do it.
We'll
see.
Great.
same
way.
I'm
like, yeah, I do facebook and linkedin. Like I don't do instagram. Why haven't instagram, I don't do anything with no Tiktok, no Snapchat, no, like any of that stuff because it just becomes too complex, you know, like too
many things
to manage, you know, it becomes a full time job. So I'm like, you know what on, on facebook, if you want to see my facebook page on facebook with me, but I'm not going to go to instagram. Just, you know, I'm not gonna go to Snapchat or Tic tac or anything else like that. You just have to be where I am or you would be okay with that. Like my brother nick doesn't have a cell phone, doesn't uh, yeah. Like doesn't, you know, text or anything else like that. Like, he, he's six, he's 51 so he's six years older than me. But like, he is like,
yeah, like, like he has, they have a landline, he and his wife of a landline, so I have to call him on his landline, so he's not home, I can't talk to him, so I have to like, be thoughtful about what I call him because
yes, I have to know that he's home from work, so
like,
that's
even more
on that side, that either you or me.
super in a tiny house for a while. Yeah.
the
it's,
yeah, I was totally into the tiny house stuff, but one joe would not like a tiny house. Our house is small, 1000 square feet, two bedroom. Too bad. You know, that's big enough for us. I wouldn't want a bigger house than that, but it's got you know a foundation and a roof like in florida
it,
would
you?
in florida I mean we've got to hurt well tropical storm right now it's hitting us right now so it's probably going to be up in your area probably next couple days. The hurricane.
So
Uh huh.
but
it has
throughout
the
warranty. Right. That's that's why as
warranty
Mr
burns
it,
gosh,
that's awesome.
it's
not very
strong,
That's crazy. Yeah the hurricane, it's just a tropical storm now I think you got to hurricane and then now back down tropical storm boats right off the coast of florida right now. But it's gonna make landfall I think in south Carolina and then sort of like
go up. So you'll probably get some winds and stuff in Jersey, but they'll probably be petered out by then.
Well thanks. Yeah, it's fine. I mean it doesn't really get scary to like cat four, cat five, you know, and I live in Orlando. So we're, I'm like right in the middle of the state. So by if a hurricane came to Orlando. Well I may, I should say Maria like wiped out my fans like did a lot of damage. We don't have power for
like a
week, But I've lived in Florida since 2008 and that was the only bad hurricane that there's
been for Florida.
So released
for
Linda,
you
have to be blown away.
So they're doing social distancing and masks. There's no like character meet and greets. Uh, there's no parade, there's no any of that kind of stuff. Um I haven't been a Disney probably in probably four or five years, so I haven't paid a lot of attention to it, but like all the indoor shows closed um so I think it's really, it's really just outdoor rides at this point, which is pretty challenging considering Disney Universal, all those places are a lot of indoor kind of rides were sitting next to people and like in front of screens and stuff like that, so um
yeah, yeah, I haven't,
I mean I've obviously, you know, watched some news about it and stuff like that, but you know, I'm certainly an expert about what, what they're doing, but they are back open and uh Yeah, I don't know if they're making pretty much what they said is like us being 20 or 30% capacity is better than us being closed. They make make lose less money I guess that way, but
Well,
I was listening to NPR and like you to think about everything at Disney is involved in. That's all stuff that shut down, right? So movie theaters, so movies shut down parks very minimal attendance uh like ESPN and like sports and that sort of stuff.
Um So crude Disney Cruise is shut down, right? So, so the parks being open a little bit is really the only thing that they have going on because everything else is shut down.
they're
holding
on to everything.
They haven't released
any.
like what live action Milan that still hasn't been released, you know, and then they pushed back on the marvel movies and stuff like that. So um eventually something's
got to give right either, you know, movie theaters are, you know, maybe start opening again maybe. I don't know about florida. I mean, you know, we're not in good shape when it comes to coronavirus. You know, Uh you know over 10,000 Positive tests, you know, a day. And I think we had our biggest death rate yesterday, which is 100 and something I think. But
This,
Yeah. I look at a lot of news sources and like, you know, one of the, one of the things I look at it, it's this table, this chart of uh, you know what has caused the most amount of deaths, you know, in american history, Right? So you know as months have gone on, the coronavirus has surpassed World War two in Vietnam and Korea. And you know, so I think it's the only things left I think are like World War One and spanish flu I think are the last. And and so what they actually did was they added in like heart disease and cancer and that sort of stuff on a yearly basis. Some people are, so it's now projected that coronavirus will be the leading cause of death this year. You know, more than people are dying of heart attacks, more than people dying of cancer, you know, all that kind of stuff. And then and then also it's going to be the number one killer in american history past World War Two and passed uh you know, spanish influence and stuff like that. So.
Yeah. Yeah. And they're like, oh it's only got a 1% fatality rate of 2%. I'm like,
so
here's
here's some water drink it, you have a 2% chance of dying. Like I'm not drinking that water, you know? Like
When?
you know, like coronavirus, there's lost lasting effects that are happening to, right.
It's like find you recover. But then you always have like, breathing issues or you always have like, you know, other issues down the line, like, because you don't die from, it doesn't mean that you're not going to have lasting, you know, health problems. Oh,
Yeah. That's Yeah. Because it's gonna mutate kind of what I've read. Is there wondering whether or not it's mutate over time somewhere, it's more infectious now, but less deadly. Which, you know,
good.
It's still horrible. Yeah. That's the thing.
I
I was thinking NPR podcast today about the vaccine. Right? So let's say the vaccine comes out there the year, only 50% of Americans said they'd even take it. And I have to admit, I don't know if I
would take
it.
that's
Their carriers like
they can,
I'll figure it out. Yeah.
They're not
simple.
Good.
Have
you seen a
cake
off their like?
This
is,
With
good,
Yeah. It's gonna be crazy. I don't, I don't know what's going to happen. It's all you can
do
is
Don't get me started. Yeah.
I have like unfriended pretty much or not that I had a lot of like anti mask friends or anything else like that because over time I just sort of like, I don't have time for your garbage, like your conservative garbage like get out of here, you know? Uh So most of my stuff, you know, most of my friends think a lot like me, but there's a, there's the occasional person who will like pushed me on something and I'm just like, worst case scenario, I'm wearing a piece of fabric on my mouth. Best case scenario, I'm preventing someone else from dying. Right? So
what's
the big
deal? What,
what, what's
the
big deal? Yeah.
Book?
my God.
Well, I mean
it's kind of cyclical, you know, it's, it's very, it's very cyclical about how stuff happens. Right? Is there's just something that sort of ignites it? Um Yeah, I was actually, I was on the podcast today about, it's the 30th anniversary of the american with disabilities act passed in 1990. So it was sort of like walking through all the different stuff that kind of led to the passage, Like the first organization around it was back, you know, in the 50s, you know, civil rights is the same thing. Like it becomes a sort of like journey and then there's finally like one thing that just sort of like makes it blow up and become really top of mind and you know, uh maybe we're in that point right now, right? Where, you know, these sort of riots and I shouldn't say riots, protests, right? Are, you know, could make real positive change, Which is my, it's really my hope, you know, uh You know, like as a gay person, right? It's like, I'm thankful to stonewall happened in 1968, right? But I didn't get the right to marry until 2015, right? So 78 88 98 oh eight, 50 years. It took 50 years to get from Stonewall to the right to marry, right? And you know, it's just
some things
take,
For
Stop.
what's worse
is the how things conflict, Right? Which is, you know, a woman should not have the right to abortion, you know? But, you know, a woman will say my body my choice, right? And like, no, no, no, it's not your choice. But then now we're talking about coronavirus and and maybe vaccines and they're like my body my choice. And you're like, wait, it's not her body, her choice, but your body your choice. Like, like how does that work?
Or like
that baker
has the right to refuse service to gay couple, but know that baker doesn't have right to refuse me service because I won't wear a mask, Right?
brocades all
of women,
but
The
minute
the minute
the child's for and they're on their own, right? No health care. No, no. Even
like with
the simplest back,
that's your problem, right? And that's why
I said
like
even the
stimulus
package,
yeah, even the simplest package, like pregnant women, they didn't get any additional money for being pregnant. But if you had kids like you did, so like in my mind, you just have said that a fetus is not a baby, is that a is not a person, right? Like you're so inconsistent with all of your arguments. Like
I
just
can't even
they're all
Hello?
But
luckily, I mean luckily, well, I would say is people of the senators and everyone are starting to distance themselves from him because now the primaries are over like he can't, he can't endorse, you know, mitch McConnell's you know, primary opponent anymore, right? So trump really has lost all of his power over the republican party and you're starting to see that right, is there? They're coming out and they're saying you need to wear masks right? Like every Republican senator are saying you need to wear a mask even though trump really hasn't been saying that right.
Exactly. Exactly. So what you should see between now and Election Day is more and more senators mitch McConnell even told the senators up for election saying okay if you think that's going to help your election bid to distance yourself from the president, you have my approval to do that. Right mitch McConnell said that so they know at this point trump is really baggage and you know in most, most cases not in every case
because
there's still
my
gosh. Uh There
has
if you if
you
were to look at my
facebook that is all I poses like anti trump stuff like every day like day after day. However our you know just like I just cannot wait and uh God
forbid
I didn't think he
was going
to get elected in the first place you know? So both make sure all your friends boat, make sure your family votes. Yeah
it's going to take every you know in Jersey jerseys blue state so like it's not really going to matter but florida can go either way, you know? So you
know.
better
but
it's
by state, it's state by state and in a lot of states it's that you lose your right to vote until you have paid off whatever like monetary stuff happened, You know, like, so in florida, It was actually a law that if you went to jail, you lost your right to vote and that got repealed by popular vote in 2018. It was an amendment that we passed as a state. However, the Republican Party kind of Neil, that kind of needle this so that it still didn't take effect, so then fell ensued. And um, it's still being litigated, but last I heard is that it's still, they still cannot vote because they're essentially saying that you only can be reinstated as a voter if you have paid all the monetary consequences of your actions. And
Yeah, there's 1.4 million felons, uh, in Florida itself, so that all of them got the right to vote back. I mean, the florida would become a blue state, but over time
floor
is because
I'm
they're doing
everything they
can stop
back then. Hey
If you do do me a favor is make sure you vote everyone you note about especially people who live in other states because we need all we need all the help to make it a landslide to get get him out. Because I
don't know if I get Take another four years of this garbage.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg can't live another four years. I'm sorry. She's not gonna make it just she's got to make it. But But anyway. Well it's almost 9:00. So we've been talking a while and it's
I've
enjoyed
it.
it was very nice talking to you. I need to take the survey and go to bed because I have to work from it.
it was
talking.
care
you say,