Hi.
I'm good, how
are you?
well I'm que
nice to meet you. Yes.
Right. Hi jay
so I'm not sure we're supposed to talk about,
but.
Yes. This one specifically.
that's no problem. Haven't any time. I'm like, I don't know if you heard of the site um user testing?
You do like um okay, it's kind of like prolific, but you do them and you're not shown, it's you test different websites for people so you'll they'll they'll hear your voice and you speak out loud and you say like what you're thinking so that they can tell like um with the customer experiences as they're going through a site and my dog will be snoring only at that time. And if I'm doing a prolific study when you can't hear me anything, she's she's she's wide awake doing her thing then you just your snoring super wild. So I understand.
I love the dog. My dog is this big, she's a cavalier King Charles, spaniel tiniest
thing.
I'll turn
this
off.
Oh my dentist. My dogs like 13 lbs.
I
can
feel them. Hi goob.
my dog has hit problems also, like, I don't know, it's something with the breed, like it runs in the breed. I don't know. I hope that like, because like her legs will pop out and I'm like, oh my God, it's the scariest
thing ever.
Like pop out of socket, not like pop out like, Yeah,
you should be like limping, but it'll be like five seconds and I'm like, Oh my God, she looks like she's like this and I'm like, what do we need to go to the vet? And then she's walking fine. All happy. Oh,
She's 5 1/2.
Yeah. How old
are your dogs
also?
They're pretty now,
that is so sad. I don't know what I'm gonna do. Like I haven't had a dog pass, I've had like a dog unexpectedly gone. Like my when I was younger, my parents like they were like, oh yeah, we're gonna send her away to like a training camp and my mom got sick at that time and then she never made it back from the training camp and I was like where's my dogs were supposed to come home today? And they're like, oh we gave her to our friend, like her family friend, like my grand mom did that like looking
out
for my mom not thinking about me like the like the owner of
this dog like deficit,
I was
like no, I can't trust you because if I don't
know what's gonna go, it was the whole thing,
14 years.
I
didn't know that they have different life expectancies.
Why,
wow, that's crazy.
But
go ahead. Go ahead. Sorry I couldn't hear. Yeah we I I need to improve my diet because I'm like oh my goodness like it's just hard like especially with now like the supermarkets like they're having less and less meat and it's like um I tried keto before and I did that and I lost so much weight but it's like it's not sustainable for me because it's like the one time I go and I have whatever whatever even if I have too many vegetables, it's like the amount of carbs that I can have it so little and then I'll blow up the next day, it's like crazy. It's so inconsistent. Yeah I
I was eating only like I had to watch how many vegetables I was eating because there's carbs and vegetables, So I was eating only um meats and vegetables
um for a very long time, like like not a very long time, a few months, and I lost £48 in like three months. Yes, but I had one, you know the little mini fun sized candy bars? Like I had a Snickers One day, I was like, Oh I'm just gonna have one. I gained £5 the next day just because it through my body into shock.
Yeah, it threw me into shock and then my tongue feels all tingly.
It's crazy. It's like sugar, you feel the effects of sugar when you don't have it.
What?
It's
hard to cook for anyone, honestly, I'm like, I'm thinking about like when I do, like I say, I want a family um when I'm older, I'm like the hardest thing, not the hardest thing. Obviously, there's four harder things. Like the consistently hard
thing is finding what's gonna be for dinner every single night, like when you're not when you're tired and you don't want to do
it and your kids are like what's for dinner mom? And it's like, oh my God, I can't make spaghetti one more night,
That's
smart.
No
coin,
coin is amazing.
I
that's
busy.
that is nice.
Stay
with me. Yeah.
That's literally what we have. We have like um ok. Any time we have like we add a new thing into our like family wheel meal rotation, I guess it's like a big deal because it's like whoa like we're having this again, that means it's not a fluke. Like this is we have like chili, we have chili, we have spaghetti uh black bean soup and beef
cubes on like a rotation like beef cubes and egg noodles and it's great. And then we added like he tried making my step dad, he tried making tex Mex egg rolls, they were amazing and then we had
them
again, so now that's getting into the rotation, but it's something that like we thought about like only chile's made
and I'm like what? You can make this at home, obviously you can, but I didn't think it was as simple as oh turn on the fryer and we're gonna make up some some like a concoction to put in them and it looks great. So
Yeah. I don't
know
about what I've never Mhm.
I live in um I live in New Jersey but I've never
I've only heard of public like publix is like a fake thing in
my brain, like public is like a fantasy land. Like I've heard of it, you know like I can pinpoint with the Youtubers that, that like I've heard talk about like, oh it's got a grocery haul from public. So I'm like, what the heck is like, I've never seen one. I do road trips every summer and I've never ran across one and I was like, what is this place? What is this mystery land?
I've never heard of that. I've never heard of a G. B. I I've heard of Kroger, I've heard of Costco, We don't have that though. We have um like uh shop right at me. There's also like save a lot, there's um all these, and then when you go to like Philly, there's fresh grocers, like pennsylvania, that type of stuff. Um Fresh grocer, um it's the same stuff, you know, I've never heard of like, and then there's newer ones were like, they'll be like um smaller own businesses like that instantly. But over here we just have shop right at me and then we we mainly shop at walmart just because it's like so convenient if we need to pick up anything else along the way, it's a superstore. So it's like, yeah, let's just go there,
Without
saying, but 30 items then you could have gotten a whole bunch more with your money, like from that $30 that you saved. Yeah.
That's a bit different.
So it's
like,
That
reminds
me
of, that reminds me of whole foods or trader joe's like, it's like you're paying for the customer service or like chick fil a versus Mcdonald's it's like yeah, it's more expensive but there's a reason for that. Yeah, I got that. Yeah.
I'm personally a cheaper person. Like I love saving saving money. It's like an adrenaline
adrenaline rush for me. I'm like oh my gosh, I just got this in this deal
or
um I resell stuff like online, like I'll um go through a thing that's like my favorite thing. I love third thing because I love finding like different things that would otherwise go into the landfills, right? And I'll find things and I'll sell them online. Like this is what I've been doing during this time, because it's like I'm home, you know? Um and it's just great because I'm like Okay look, let me see what I can flip and I'm like, I just bought this and sold it for $80 and I got it for this many cents. It's like crazy what people throw away. So Walmart is like where is that for me? And then I started going to act me. It's that's what's more expensive like they have the bagger and everything like that. Um But there's only select items that I can't find at walmart that I can get from acne and acting is always cold, so I'm like no, I can't do that in the winter, I'm freezing. But yeah, it's just a convenience thing. Like wal marts near a lot more stuff like it's placed near a lot more.
Well
What's
it like
when? Sorry? Sorry, go ahead.
I
was just gonna say like um with the time differences of like you and your partner, I'm like how do you guys figure out like, okay, we're gonna have this bill together. How how is it that one person is not always tired? Like how is someone not always tired in this little uh then diagram of time?
Well
it
Work.
Think about five
that
so
Where
or
still
here?
it's
like clockwork
then
I'm like,
that's good. And it's been like this for the whole nine
years like the to
our
dad?
Yeah, I'm glad that it works out. I'm like, I I like my time management needs to get a little bit better because I'm like, that sounds great, like it's like clockwork, like you know what you're supposed to do, It's always done because you know what your roles are and I'm like that's really key, like making sure that you have the same household
also, it's not like there's so much to do.
that would be a dream for all saw
that
has
been
time.
That's my mom's like, hey we moved here, let's get like someone to help clean and I'm like mom that's a good idea, I would love to do that. But like let's wait until we're a little bit a little bit more stable.
But
I was
like
any
Yeah but I get that it's like
conscious thing like oh my God they're gonna think I'm disgusting.
that's true.
What
is that?
Is it one
of those vacuum cleaner things?
that's
And it just
stops like when it's done
technology
freaks
me
out
like it's great, it's amazing like oh my god these like robots
that are just like so normalized now. But I get freaked out. I remember I got um an Alexa for christmas one year and I started freaking out, I'm like I can't turn it off,
we
can't happen in the house, so my parents took it back, I was just like I'm freaked out because I'm like that means that they have to listen all the time in order
to hear Alexa, you know you have to be listening so I'm like you cannot possibly know just turn on because you hear your name, you have to be listening to everything. I'm like where does that information go? I'm like where does it go?
Like
obviously a vacuum cleaner out, that's that's a that's a great thing, like I
want one of those like oh my God, I'm like what what are these things that like I looked for like cameras and stuff? I'm like what is
it that like we're not seeing
that it's so normalised
and so cheap, they just get data from us all the time.
my gosh, that's cool, but
like it's scary. I don't know. I feel like if like my wife just turned on and I'm like like I don't know, I think it's just a paranoia thing, like I'm just paranoid about it because it's not like
and it's just like that I just feel like I feel like I'm crazy like oh I can't say I can't blame it on a person, I'm blaming it on a robot, Like there's nowhere for me to be like, hey, did you do this? No, it was Alexa as if it's a family man. Mm
that's
the funny
thing
is,
yeah, my parents though are more, my stepdad's a technology teacher, so he's more into tech than I am. So I'm like, what's that? Like, I feel like a grandma to my friends a lot of the time because they're like, oh did you say listening to that video? And for the longest time I'm like, I cannot get on tiptoe. I can't, I can't figure out a new app right now because I resell stuff on like eight different platforms. Me listening one thing. So I have like, um maybe you say I have 500 things to get up there that becomes 500 plus times eight. And I'm like, I can't get
into
a new app right
now. So I'm like months later than everyone else and I'll be like against something or not for it. Like because I'm just like slower to technology or slower to changing over. I'm like, oh
my
God, I look so old and I'm so young.
So
it's
lot,
disconnected,
Oh my goodness.
So
you
have to calculate
it.
wow. So like I'm in the middle of both of you guys, I'm like straight in the middle, but that's great. I'm happy that like some people can do that for the longest time. I wanted to be like pretty disconnected. Like I wanted to live in a tiny house somewhere like an actual tiny house on wheels.
Yes, me too. And then I turned 18 and I was like, whoa, look at all these storms, I'm gonna be blowing away all the repairs. That's gonna, cause I'm like, Maybe I don't want a tiny house. My parents are like, are you serious? Like you've been talking about this since you were 10, you've been talking about this for a long
time. And then I'm like, yeah, but change of plans because um I think this is a smart
decision now.
it's not
gonna
blow
away any time soon and it's fine.
gosh, that's really bad because we just
got our pool open and it's like um are um what's it called, our pool liner ripped um
and there's a pool liner shortage right now, so every single um pool liner installer near us, um they all use the same distributor, so we couldn't get our pool liner, we ordered it. No, we wanted one since like the beginning of june like maybe june 1st and every single time we will call different place. It would say oh well we're out of pool liners. But um and we also can install other people's pool liners and we're like what do you want us to do? Like we can't you don't have it, we can buy it from someone on Ebay or like a different place because people have them, like people have them from what they've used or what they have but the stores don't have enough and stuff. They don't have any none. They haven't had any for months. And it's like do you just want to lose out on money? Like I'll pay you to do the service but we just you don't have
it so you're losing money by saying no but
then
we
finally.
but it's like
we're not asking for a warranty like if why do you need to give us that if we're willing to pay you anyway. But yeah so if this one and I thought that it was ripping because of like we had so many storms like more storms this year than like other years and I'm like I think it's ripping more
because
of the storms like constantly like putting
it pushing it down. So if that hurricane I pray that it doesn't rip this one because it's like that's
rough
conditions. It costs
like
$2,000
to change that liner because we had to track one down and do the service, you know?
gosh.
Yeah. We used, we used to go down there like we would be in south Carolina. We go south in north Carolina a lot like over the summer just for like Myrtle beach, like to visit family and stuff. So we would probably be down there around this time. So I hope you guys stay safe and everything.
my
goodness.
All right.
Well,
I'm
happy
you're not in a tiny house because
that would have been your
fence would have been you. But with um, florida's reopening like, no, no, Disney is reopening. What has been like the status since you have local news.
screens next to people And then they also have to check you like the ride attendance to make sure that you're in safely. Like they really have to do that order for you to be like in the ride to cure. So like it's hard to social distance and keep people safe physically too.
So
I don't know when you think they have billions of dollars already and it's like you guys really need milk. It just a little bit more when like people
could die on your hands,
Oh yeah, you're right.
Thank that's a lot. And when you think about like, yeah. Okay. Well movies are coming to like on demand or like coming to you like from how from home, what about the next movie? They're not, they're making
like
they can't
actually
work
on it. Yeah.
Where?
But that's still on like it's so hard with this um Which away that we're hearing about death now, it's like so it's like you think it was something um Small, but the way it's like 130 today, it's like we're not realizing that just because it's a mass number, that's still 130 like families that are like grieving someone and it's like it's so um now it's desensitized I think because like when you hear about this like crazy wave of death over months it becomes
like oh there's this many chickens, like it's like it's not the same weight as.
Yeah. Like in the beginning people were saying, oh yeah, well the flu is worse and it's like this is only one month. Like when they were saying that, you know, it's like one month and you're comparing it to something that's been around for years, like you can't really do that.
That was the
biggest
thing in the news.
And it's like I'm not gonna wear my mask. Like my generation is just annoying. Um I have to stay off social media right now. It's just like so much stupidity. I guess.
It's like people that are just uh oh you only live once like. Yeah, well it's still my summer. Yeah. I still want to go on this dating app or yeah, I'm still gonna do this and it's like if you wait one year you'll have many more if you do everything right now, this is your only one and in the progress you're gonna be hurting other people that actually care about their life. And it's like, yeah, I only went to two birthday parties to graduations, like you're playing Russian roulette with your life and I just can't relate to that you know it's like people are like oh yeah well I just want to go to the beach or I just want to go here I just want to go there and that I would like to do so to other people would like to to but I would also not like to die or be sick for a very like it's like weigh the pros and cons you know and they find fun better than life and I'm like
have.
and I heard that you can get reinfected like that's scary. It's not like you build up an immunity to it. Well no you build up some resistance but it's not like 100% guaranteed that you only get it once
that's still
horrible.
And
then
I
wouldn't
take that because you're playing Russian roulette. And the first people that they're going to try to do that too is the Children. Because when you think about it they're the first people that are
it's not talked about that much but the kids are a big problem right? Not problem. Um
It's
hard not cares I'm saying like they're like uh it's hard for me to like figure out what I'm trying to say, I'm just gonna keep talking then we'll figure out a word later.
Parents can't go to work because they have their kids and
then
kids can't go to school because their families are going to work and there and the kids there they need to be so much closer than um college. Like my college I already have so um online classes like that's already guaranteed. But my friend her school it's the dumbest thing ever. They're saying they're saying okay we're gonna make everyone go back to school earlier
that you guys can get out by thanksgiving to avoid flu season. What the heck does that do? This is the biggest flu ever. And you're going to say flu season? What? That makes no sense to go faster. Let's go as fast as possible and then stop, how, what is that gonna do? They're just going to be going home sick because everything's communal. The bathrooms are communal, the dining halls, communal living is communal. And with the kids, it's not communal, but it's um the kids are kids. You can't stop them that the ratio of adults, two kids is not high and
adding
more
adult.
Yeah, they don't care. They don't care and they don't, it's not even that they don't care. They're just not like aware of like germs or like everything else. And they want, like it's going to be like a military thing. You're six ft apartment a desk, you can't touch your teacher, you can't Hander any papers. It's your, there's no recess. How are they going to have lunch or a break? Because you have to take your mask
off
to eat and they're still giving an option. Like they sent home on for my siblings like, oh um you can choose to go Mondays and Tuesdays or or um or Wednesdays and Thursdays or online and it's like why is there an oar? But the parents, they, they don't know what to do. Like how do you go to work? And I was a babysit. I can't babysit right now because I don't know what your family has that I will be bringing home to mine and I'd be working.
It was a hands
on job. It's not like you can't do that with kids and people get hurt.
And
it's like
I wanted to be better but these other countries are doing so much better than us because we just don't listen Like No one Listens.
it's coming green.
Is it really
that
hard?
Like people
like
to
people are protesting. I feel like um it's also just like a distraction like um people with protests and you know the black lives matter or um when people protests are speak out like about gay rights or about um latin America's right? Like you know like the Hispanics that are like ISIS and everything like detention all these big problems, right? And then you have this little thing that's being like um over shadowing
everything out like the bigger problems or like people dying from Corona, I feel like those are all like on even playing fields, you know? And then there's these masters that are down here like um
and they they get to the top because it's like, I feel like it's an attention grab thing, you know? It's like, oh, I'm not going to wear this, let me divert the attention from everything else that's going on down here, you know? And it's like, it's crazy or like people that are like, oh, um there's so many things that are wrong with the world right now that have been wrong but are just brought to the light so everyone's seeing it like there's nothing
new. It's
Which
is
so stupid. I am so sorry. I don't understand how people feel the need like, oh, this person doesn't like something, it should be outlawed since when, since when does disapproval of something equal illegal?
How is that possible? How is like your opinion worth more then? People's
birthright? Like you're born with this
like
It's it's they don't want to, they want to control people. They don't really believe in their their cause
enough like
this.
Yeah. Yes. Or um or like those nazis that were like, oh, I want this on a cake and they're trying to they've tried to sue a bakery for not putting it on there. I'm like, what is wrong with you? Or um or um like the people that like our or pro life, pro life, that's not even what it's called. But pro wife.
And
but they're not yeah, pro control
of women. And they're not even talking about the kids that are locked up in cages right now. It's like, how does it, we're like, no, it's only what they say on their times, how they want to use it for their advantage. And it's like, how
do
you benefit
from this?
You're
homeless.
That's your fault. That's your fault.
You
can't
eat.
my
gosh. Go digging
trash cans.
Because
they're not
strong
enough. They're not
wrong. They don't have any ground. They have, oh, this is what we want. How can we do what we need to get what we want. But there's no like they don't use their brain. I don't really know. Like I'm not sure what's going on up there. It's just like I want this that it's like, it's just not things don't connect the lines don't meet like that. It's just very and then it's like, oh, can we push the the election back? I'm kind of scared because this is my first year that I could vote like the first time an election came around with my um with my age and everything
and I'm like obviously I'm not voting for the same person that caused all this stuff. I don't know how he got here at the beginning, but this is just it's just crazy that there's even
a thought of him being reelected and it's like Bill Clinton, oh my God, she cheated on his wife, he cheated on his way. But um but this guy is raping people is making sexual comments, is actually sending the military to hurt his own people, all these different things. But no, he's still in office and if you he's starting to kill him, oh 20 years in prison. It's like whoa, he's killing people every day, it's crazy.
he's refused to wear one himself, he said oh everyone needs to work at, but I'm not wearing one in the same breath,
I'm
just
sad that it took them so long. Like you could tell this from the beginning, I'm not sure what took so long but I'm happy that it's happening now. Just
like
it's
just like proof proof proof and they're like oh looking the other way every single time and I'm like how do you do that? How? But
it's
about
time.
Well I
appreciate
your
dedication.
everyone.
And
did you think did you hear about Okay what I've been told like when I was younger, not by my family but like but I've just heard around school and everything that people once you go to jail, once people go to prison um they lose their rights that they can't vote.
But I've heard recently that that's not even true. It's very like it's very low, it's very hush hush about it. But all you have to do is reregister once you're finished like once you get once you finish your sentence or something
like that, like it's not as black and white as you can't vote anymore. Like
there's something you can do
so they still make it so that your it's nearly impossible
But
they
know they know that
most of the people
are
probably
democrats. It's crazy
everything set up in a certain way. You know everything set up
definitely.
I cannot I know that I can I'm certain.
But
it was so nice
talking
to you.
Uh huh. Okay. We'll have a wonderful day. Stay
safe, stay
healthy, nice
talking with
you by.