SPEAKER_L: Yeah, Mhm. Mhm, mm hmm. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm, Mhm Yeah. Mhm, Mhm, Mhm. Right, Mhm, Mhm, Mhm, mm. Yeah. Yes. Mhm Yeah. Mhm, Mhm
SPEAKER_R: Hello. Hi. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: hey, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: Oh God, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: You know what doing? Well, I was just my name, some word puzzle game,
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's cool. I love those dams
SPEAKER_L: so I'm going to set a timer.
SPEAKER_R: insurance.
SPEAKER_L: She said I was really, really
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: reading the instructions. I want to make sure you know the undersigned months, precious afternoon. Where are you? Where are you? Okay?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in. Ohio. How about you?
SPEAKER_L: Okay. On the floor is we're both east, possibly eastern time zone
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. I have some family
SPEAKER_L: an
SPEAKER_R: out
SPEAKER_L: important.
SPEAKER_R: there. My husband's brother lives out in florida. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: What about parts? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: know, I can't really remember. He just moved down there probably a couple months ago. So um I know he's close to Orlando but I can't really, I don't really know the exact area.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, yeah, that's what most people associate with florida. Right? Think of Orlando Disney World and Miami and that's about it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well you guys, I don't really know much about Ohio and besides, you know, sports teams.
SPEAKER_R: Well there's Cleveland. They they I think they still refer to Cleveland and some mistake on the lake or something like that. But it's all right. They have the rock and roll Hall of Fame and the browns suck, you know?
SPEAKER_L: it's something where you have the benefit of being in um in Ohio you get at least, you know season we have fall winter and spring and summer.
SPEAKER_R: You know it's really like more like two seasons cause like summer it's like
SPEAKER_L: What,
SPEAKER_R: really hot and in the summer and then it's like um once fall hits it basically feels like winter because it's almost already like 30 some degrees outside out here and it's like not even, you know, in October that far, so we're expecting, we
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: were expecting snow last night and it just, I mean it never came, but it was so cold, we're already wearing winter coats out here.
SPEAKER_L: My goodness, I'm wearing your T shirt because it's like 88° outside with the
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: community.
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: It feels like it's in the lower 90s so I'm sure you would want that and I know I want your weather now, but a few months we'll be saying just the opposite because in february is going to be it's cold down here, but by no means isn't cold compared to you're part of the country. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Uh
SPEAKER_L: So how long have you been doing this? Um These kind of uh activities are safe home
SPEAKER_R: Oh I think I've I've been on prolific for probably about almost three months now, which isn't bad because it prolific is actually pretty cool, I mean I've I've actually made quite a bit off of it surprisingly, I didn't when I first because I found it and read it, You know, and
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: I was just like
SPEAKER_L: too?
SPEAKER_R: I'm just gonna try it and it actually worked, so I was just like, you know, that's cool, you know, so you know, an extra 10 bucks a week or so, you know, it's not bad.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I am I the same thing for me. I discovered it on a very and it's like one of those things where it's just like I work full time monday through friday, I just happened to take today off set, agreed to schedule from this call view but it's like something so easy. I can just do it randomly on my phone or you know, waiting for what to do. Um and I've been surprised by I've already made my number $100 about a month or so. And it's not that much work.
SPEAKER_R: No, I mean a couple of minutes for a survey here and there's really not that bad you know? These kind of things are fun though, you know, getting to meet somebody from you know a different state or different area. That's that's really cool though, you know? Social experiment circle. So
SPEAKER_L: they're pretty
SPEAKER_R: so.
SPEAKER_L: neat. This is my first time doing one like this. Once I've done in the past they where they try to prepare you so you're going to be a chat room with other people. But he realized halfway through that ai kind of operative thing, like was it convincing? He was like, well at first it was there. I realize that people are being unnecessarily rules. I figured it might not be real people. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: That's funny. So um so what do you do for a living?
SPEAKER_L: I work in insurance work for insurance company.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's
SPEAKER_L: Remember which ones specifically for the type of work that we do? The work that I do is I manage a team that sets up local compensation claims
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's
SPEAKER_L: for large police. So we're the insurance carrier for a very large companies. Um But even also smaller local ones of your mom and pop up shops. We also do some auto insurance property, general liability which is like a second call. So if you buy some people um anxiety comes broken, that sort of thing really be upset in there. But they also have the properties, houses, buildings. So this year has been tough with all the wildfires and that's just from the business place. My heart goes out to those who are affected, especially those she lots of parts. But living there from a company standpoint has been very expensive universe.
SPEAKER_R: Oh I know. Yeah. My uh my other brother in law, my husband's other brother, he lived out in Oregon. They over and wrote a tender in Oregon and they ended up having to flee to Tennessee to um to his sister in law's house because their their house catch on fire. But it was there was so much smoke in the area that they just couldn't breathe, you know? And
SPEAKER_L: sir.
SPEAKER_R: it was it was really bad.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I have yeah we have a sister office for the same company. My employer, they're based in Portland Oregon as well. And they were they were showing us pictures and this was before I saw it on social media. I could not believe how extremely dramatic and apocalyptic the skies were looking over there. It
SPEAKER_R: I know,
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: very
SPEAKER_R: looks
SPEAKER_L: large,
SPEAKER_R: like apocalyptic, you know because they were like bread and like almost like I'm sorry my kids are crazy, they're out there screaming. But
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: do you have any kids? Oh that's
SPEAKER_L: All right
SPEAKER_R: I have
SPEAKER_L: man.
SPEAKER_R: five.
SPEAKER_L: Hi. Oh you beat me. We're you know, we're not opposed to having another one. But where were? So there's a gap between um my wife and I. We had two very early on when we got married And then waited for 10 years and we have, you know I call him a baby that's a toddler, two year old. So we have a two year old and then kids in middle school and the school ph d. S. I thought I would handle that gap. That transition a lot better than I do. So we're taking your time now,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah like my two older ones are from a previous marriage, so I have a 13 and a 12 year old and then I have three younger ones. I have uh my son is turning four here on the 22nd and then um I have one that's 19 months and then we have a three month old. It's what it's a lot, it's a lot. But at least
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: everyone
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: help out a bit, you know at least when they're out of school. Incredible.
SPEAKER_L: you must give us,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah so it's hectic because I'm I'm just about finishing my bachelor's and accounting through um through W. G. You and then I have a job lined up and at the end of october and accounting which is which is pretty cool. So I'm excited. But.
SPEAKER_L: that's me. Yeah. That's creating this. Oh, you got little ones. The order kids, they really babies, you're going to school. They're doing it all online or you have to go through it.
SPEAKER_R: I know I'm going through Western governments. Western Governors University. I don't know if you've heard of them, they're technically based
SPEAKER_L: Give
SPEAKER_R: out
SPEAKER_L: us
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: the commercials.
SPEAKER_R: Utah. Yeah they're they're actually really good university. You know it's it's self paced, it's based off of confidence units but you know they're becoming a lot more recognized you know back in the day when they first started you know people didn't really recognize them because they were all online but you know a lot of people are starting to actually recognize W. G. You nowadays so which is pretty cool because like you know um but once I get past all that and kind of get up there past my masters to my C. P. A. I mean where I went to school isn't really doesn't matter, you know because
SPEAKER_L: You know,
SPEAKER_R: you know C. P. A. You know that's kind of like the top of the line after all that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm not gonna like similar like mine, I do want to go to school. I would still want to part with the Taliban. I got such a bad traumatic experience that that first go around and he's like, I want to get all my debt paid off and then I'll figure out a way my job will help reimburse me. It's, I want to avoid taking on any more unnecessary that immediate future. I'm working for a couple of goals here, financially myself, my wife, my wife, she was a stay at home mom up until three weeks ago. And so she said I go back to um which is gonna benefit. But you know, we were fortunate about lost enough that we're able to develop my income Along for the last two years. So she was taking kids. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's cool. So.
SPEAKER_L: It is what it is, but like you said, I think most, unless you're like trying to become a national treasure, I don't think most people, most suppliers will ask you which organization, which university that you're back. Maybe she is the fact that you accomplish it. Uh huh, mm hmm.
SPEAKER_R: Uh Yeah it's it's it's cool but so uh what do you what do you guys like to do for fun out in florida? You know like there's like you know it's getting to that point where we can't even go to zoos anymore or anything out here but you know, Covid and all this stuff is kind of really put a damper on everything this year for us.
SPEAKER_L: absolutely. Um you know, we, we haven't really been doing much of anything when the whole covid situation first really blew up,
SPEAKER_R: Was
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: improved.
SPEAKER_L: know, became concerned back in March. It was our kids, their spring break. Um so we took a trip to Virginia for a week. Um and when we just, while we're in Virginia is like all the shutdown start happening and we're kind of concerned we're going to be able to fly back to florida because I don't know if you've done road shirts with young ones but it's not
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah we dropped from, yeah we we drove from because we actually moved to Utah and then back to Ohio we took we drove with all of them to to Utah, Well I was still pregnant with the youngest one, but we had four kids in a car from Utah to Ohio, it was
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: bad.
SPEAKER_L: know that. That's a that's a fantastic way to see the country. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Oh it is
SPEAKER_L: the kids are able to take some of that in because I enjoy a good road for myself. But um yeah my heart goes out to you. I'm sure that was not the most pleasing experience, especially being pregnant, right, going through all that. You have a discomfort
SPEAKER_R: it's just,
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: it's just, you've got to stop every like, you know, a few out a couple hours, you know, and it's just like, and then with the kids screaming in the back seat, you just want to pull your hair out. Oh,
SPEAKER_L: Or there's
SPEAKER_R: driving cross country with kids, it's horrible.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I ask you a question about um we like to uh so pretty Covid, you know, we're big on being social either every weekend or every other weekend where noise was house with someone's coming over to this address and still you like surgery. You know, we have friends who have kids around the single uses us. So the case that we are the adults number during thing
SPEAKER_R: Three
SPEAKER_L: play cards. I like personally like dancing. So anytime anyone throws a party and make sure I get myself there, but we're really big into now host probing with the kids video. A lot of board games, card games, trivia, kind of games. Also, my wife is very good at organizing. It's funny that we're doing it through video. You know, a lot of, a lot of zoom, um, calls with our friends and so we'll do like a big zoom call. We did not carry open on time through zoom another night. We did a painting class. So, uh, we want you to be more together and painted along. Well. We had some wine that was fun. Uh, and then the last one we did was forget what it was, but it was some kind of talent show kind of thing. Uh So you know, we just like to hang out with our friends, but since we're trying to be cautious now you're in the future ability um or if we get together it's part of a different situation. What about yourself? What do you guys uh due to keep preoccupied?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I mean we're kind of like, you know right now it's with all this covid stuff going on, we've kind of been stuck here I guess you can say, but you know, we've, we've
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: really just been, it's just been busy, we've been working on stuff with the kids with their homework because they're home schooled right now. You know, we moved them from like traditional schooling to home schooling in Ohio, so we're kind of like stuck with like that kind of stuff. Like we totally missed out on going swimming this summer because of Covid, so we ended up getting them like an inflatable pool for the backyard is kind of a replacement. But I guess it's not the same thing, it's not the same
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: thing as a full size, but you know, it's it's it's what it is, you know? But um I mean other than that, you know, they're they're pretty much just, you know, running around and screaming at each other if you can hear any of that, but yeah, no,
SPEAKER_L: Are your kids coping well that transition home schooling?
SPEAKER_R: you know, it's actually been pretty rough on them. I'll give it that the only reason I moved them to homeschooling because I knew that what that once the schools open they were going to end up shutting them down again, which they did in Ohio, a lot of the school systems are already shutting down back in Ohio, so um you know at least they're in school right now and I guess like um they are having trouble with that and that's because my my um my oldest girl, she's 12 and she's very social, you know, so she she likes having that kind of like closeness to people, but since Covid hit that's kind of been missing from her life, you know, she hasn't been able to really see her friends and um now she's stuck in an online school but it's just I'm kind of afraid you know with you know, I just don't want them to catch anything that's you know, going around I guess I'd rather at least have them have a vaccine first because uh it's interesting, it's interesting I guess you could say because it's like the biggest social experiment ever putting up, you know, I mean it's not really social, but I mean I guess I'm online schooling is kind of a social experiment. Most kids aren't used to that type of schooling, you know Like my my older son, my 13 year old, he's doing all right now because he's not he wasn't really that big on being social with people. So I guess it's kind of his like niche but my my daughter is really taking it hard just because like you know, it can be depressing not being around your friends or stuff like that, not being able to sit in the lunchroom and chat with your friends and all that stuff. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You know
SPEAKER_R: Several Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: much same thing for me. Um My oldest, my oldest is 12, so my house is Tokyo Boy and I love your girl and they
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: was,
SPEAKER_L: the same experience surrendering my son, He transitioned a lot easier, but so they were going to school, but then we got sent home when we came back from spring break this year, we decided to do all virtual homeschooling. Um it's all at your own pace, it's great. But sometimes at the same time if we don't stay on top of them they were crying so long to do but definitely noticed that my daughter is a lot more negatively affected because of the same reasons will not be with your friends, not keep up, do the things that you want us to, especially these ages are going from kids to adolescence. Um like this is they don't have a lot of, there's always where's my son, he's like he likes to play games and there's
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: a lot of stuff online at this point anyway so it wasn't a huge hit on him. Yeah, we were concerned that one, what I think the school system to our younger one, you know, he's had a couple of issues so we don't want to really start anything between into the household. That's it from human dangerous. Just that's that's been a concern. But it has been working out one thing um that my wife encouraged me to try because what she does is once a once a month she has a date with each of the kids. So for example this past when you say when I came I had to go run to the store and grab something, I forgot what it was, but when I came back when I was that night with my daughter, so they were living in each other's, it was a good cop, whether you're talking kind of connected. So I'm trying to figure out what I'm gonna do with them just to show them personal tension and also try to help expectations feel comfortable and open up the last.
SPEAKER_R: that's cool. You know when when I I know when I was younger, my my dad used to take me out on like date night and just do stuff with me separate from my sibling, you know? And uh it was nice because like you know we try to do that too with our kids and you know just to give them, you know that kind of personal like one on one time, which is it's really good because you know sometimes especially with
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: girls, they really need their dads more than their moms sometimes, you know? And I know it can be hard, you know because my husband's really you know busy a lot with like what he's doing with work and stuff and it's nice when you know he can just take one of the girls like one on one you know and just give them that personal time and sort of like group time you know. Yeah so it's pretty wow. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely. Um I definitely won't work on doing stronger relationships
SPEAKER_R: Work
SPEAKER_L: and just do a good job of providing for the family being there, being present. But you can be president, not being president since. So wanted to take advantage of the thing. We're all home now all the time and want to make sure somebody's hungry stomachs that as well form. So nothing is promise. Something could happen to me. But another so I lost my thought share. And I certainly have a lot of regrets keeping with the communication. So I want that to be a mistake
SPEAKER_R: yeah.
SPEAKER_L: enough about all that stuff. You guys have an evening exciting coming up in the exciting trips or activities.
SPEAKER_R: Oh not really I guess well we're going to have a tiny birthday party for you know my son or just grandparents and maybe an aunt or two but you know nothing big but he's getting he's getting ready for his fourth birthday party so you know God was Spider man cakes but that's because I couldn't find any dinosaur cakes for some reason there's no such thing as a dinosaur cake at like giant Eagle or acne or anywhere you know I know I cannot find a dinosaur cake so I was like
SPEAKER_L: They
SPEAKER_R: whatever
SPEAKER_L: will estimate
SPEAKER_R: I do.
SPEAKER_L: form. We'll be custom make you one. I guess it's far too late now.
SPEAKER_R: yeah I already ordered the Spider man one but yeah I asked about it and they said they didn't have any so I was just like okay whatever but he's okay with Spider man but we ordered him, his grandpa got him some Custom Converse from the Dino verse collection from um from the Converse website. So he knows about those because they're they're on their way here, you know, so he's excited, it's dinosaur shoes and then we got him some dinosaurs so he's excited but
SPEAKER_L: You know, they just like love and attention so skilled that they'll be happy. Everything else is literally icing on the cake and so forth. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I was like mhm
SPEAKER_L: Ask for me. I'm no worries to understand. I got I have my shoulders watching my two year old, my mind is working the other I think we we understand um I don't think we have anything all that interesting coming up, Oh we, we like to
SPEAKER_R: ice
SPEAKER_L: go on trips
SPEAKER_R: crushers.
SPEAKER_L: with friends baby, we're not gonna do that any time soon. Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: The most exciting thing is that we got pre approved for a house so
SPEAKER_R: that's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: that's it. Yeah, this first
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: time Homebuyer and process of the cultures and we have properties and
SPEAKER_R: it is
SPEAKER_L: moving apartments
SPEAKER_R: arts
SPEAKER_L: for so many years there, I figured at least
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: this.
SPEAKER_L: going to the lease was up pretty soon and rates are going up again and started, you know, you get forward to
SPEAKER_R: question.
SPEAKER_L: say if you want to the forefront of blocks and you just establish our roots picture, I don't know
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: if people
SPEAKER_R: want
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: to get
SPEAKER_L: hope in Ohio your whole life but I can't afford my whole life people that was part of reasonable with me, but we're gonna go to Georgia to you see, you know you go up north but we decided you know what I'm just gonna say.
SPEAKER_R: yeah yeah we we've lived in Ohio the majority of I I grew up in Ohio was born here but um I have moved around, I went to Wisconsin for about a year of my life and then uh I lived in Utah and indiana for a couple of years. Um But I've been in Ohio the majority of my life so it's it's interesting, I hate the weather out here but that's just me
SPEAKER_L: 64.
SPEAKER_R: and there's a lot to do, there's a lot to do in Ohio, so I mean it's not bad what I really like about Ohio is the hiking, you know there's a lot of like wooded area in Ohio that has like really good like hiking trails and it's it's fun to go hiking out here yourself.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, I'm like hearing that because I'm a more outdoors person in my wife, she's like the complete opposite, she's liking on the same Macy. Um
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: But like uh being a natural Floridian, I went to new york for the first time like five or six years ago and I know it sounds kind of silly or stupid but I didn't know really what to expect. Only be another about what you actually, and then I go to the city to upstate and there was mountains and valleys and rivers and I saw deer and there I fell in love. It was so beautiful. I no idea that that part of the country has such beautiful landscapes and even after because Virginia Delaware man, it's beautiful up here trying to convince her to move, she didn't want to leave florida
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: because she grew up in new york, she knew the weather was bad. Oh
SPEAKER_R: I think that like um my favorite state so far that I've been to because I've been to quite a few states like I've been to florida, I went to you know um Orlando when I was a kid and then um, you know, I've been to California because most of my relatives live out that way on my mom's side and then um I've been
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: to Nevada and Utah and Idaho because my dad's family lives in Idaho and Utah, but I think my favorite part is probably Idaho, like when you cross from like uh it's Wyoming into Idaho or Montana. I can't remember if that's Wyoming or Montana, maybe Montana, but there's this like road that leads right into Idaho from one of those states and it's just completely lined with trees and like at night it's like almost like they're like sparkling, It's weird. But there, it's just the nicest part of nature that I've ever seen and it's like all like surrounded by like mountains and stuff, so it's just so pretty. But like um what I lived in Utah, it was like down towards southern Utah, about an hour and a half from colorado. So it was like desert area and like it just missed like everything because there was like um, you know, just like mostly desert land so there wasn't like many trees. So it was like pretty boring.
SPEAKER_L: that's what I've seen a few I don't watch it on tv but there's some shows like facing Utah you see people not just the fact that they don't see a lot of sugar in your tea tree manager anything like that. I know my wife, she's been to colorado piece homes and she told me that once things open back up and we traveled, she says she's taking a lot of machines.
SPEAKER_R: Now,
SPEAKER_L: Beautiful woman. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: colorado is really nice to over by Grand Junction. I think it is like Grand Junction Colorado, The Senate. I can't remember the exact name of it. It's got to be Grand Junction. Grand Junction is really pretty out that way. They have like a lot of like water and like trees and stuff out that way. It's really pretty out there.
SPEAKER_L: Armed with, Well, my timer has is at 26 minutes not to cut this short, but I see you, you're
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: wrangling and you're young baby there. I
SPEAKER_R: came
SPEAKER_L: figure
SPEAKER_R: over here.
SPEAKER_L: we can go ahead and cut this uh, this short and say goodbye
SPEAKER_R: All right. Well, it was, it was great meeting you. All
SPEAKER_L: Black Wise, we're going from Ohio. Take care. Have a great weekend, helping you and your
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: family stay safe. Take care.