Hello. Hi. Yes.
Oh God, how are you?
Oh that's cool. I love those dams
insurance.
Yeah.
I'm in. Ohio. How about you?
Mhm. I have some family
out
there. My husband's brother lives out in florida. Mhm.
know, I can't really remember. He just moved down there probably a couple months ago. So um I know he's close to Orlando but I can't really, I don't really know the exact area.
Yeah.
Well there's Cleveland. They they I think they still refer to Cleveland and some mistake on the lake or something like that. But it's all right. They have the rock and roll Hall of Fame and the browns suck, you know?
You know it's really like more like two seasons cause like summer it's like
really hot and in the summer and then it's like um once fall hits it basically feels like winter because it's almost already like 30 some degrees outside out here and it's like not even, you know, in October that far, so we're expecting, we
were expecting snow last night and it just, I mean it never came, but it was so cold, we're already wearing winter coats out here.
it
was
Yeah. Uh
Oh I think I've I've been on prolific for probably about almost three months now, which isn't bad because it prolific is actually pretty cool, I mean I've I've actually made quite a bit off of it surprisingly, I didn't when I first because I found it and read it, You know, and
I was just like
I'm just gonna try it and it actually worked, so I was just like, you know, that's cool, you know, so you know, an extra 10 bucks a week or so, you know, it's not bad.
No, I mean a couple of minutes for a survey here and there's really not that bad you know? These kind of things are fun though, you know, getting to meet somebody from you know a different state or different area. That's that's really cool though, you know? Social experiment circle. So
so.
That's funny. So um so what do you do for a living?
Oh that's
Oh that's
Oh I know. Yeah. My uh my other brother in law, my husband's other brother, he lived out in Oregon. They over and wrote a tender in Oregon and they ended up having to flee to Tennessee to um to his sister in law's house because their their house catch on fire. But it was there was so much smoke in the area that they just couldn't breathe, you know? And
it was it was really bad.
I know,
it
looks
like apocalyptic, you know because they were like bread and like almost like I'm sorry my kids are crazy, they're out there screaming. But
do you have any kids? Oh that's
I have
five.
Yeah like my two older ones are from a previous marriage, so I have a 13 and a 12 year old and then I have three younger ones. I have uh my son is turning four here on the 22nd and then um I have one that's 19 months and then we have a three month old. It's what it's a lot, it's a lot. But at least
everyone
help out a bit, you know at least when they're out of school. Incredible.
Yeah. Yeah so it's hectic because I'm I'm just about finishing my bachelor's and accounting through um through W. G. You and then I have a job lined up and at the end of october and accounting which is which is pretty cool. So I'm excited. But.
I know I'm going through Western governments. Western Governors University. I don't know if you've heard of them, they're technically based
out
of
Utah. Yeah they're they're actually really good university. You know it's it's self paced, it's based off of confidence units but you know they're becoming a lot more recognized you know back in the day when they first started you know people didn't really recognize them because they were all online but you know a lot of people are starting to actually recognize W. G. You nowadays so which is pretty cool because like you know um but once I get past all that and kind of get up there past my masters to my C. P. A. I mean where I went to school isn't really doesn't matter, you know because
you know C. P. A. You know that's kind of like the top of the line after all that. Yeah.
Oh that's cool. So.
Uh Yeah it's it's it's cool but so uh what do you what do you guys like to do for fun out in florida? You know like there's like you know it's getting to that point where we can't even go to zoos anymore or anything out here but you know, Covid and all this stuff is kind of really put a damper on everything this year for us.
Was
improved.
Oh yeah we dropped from, yeah we we drove from because we actually moved to Utah and then back to Ohio we took we drove with all of them to to Utah, Well I was still pregnant with the youngest one, but we had four kids in a car from Utah to Ohio, it was
bad.
Oh it is
it's just,
it's just, you've got to stop every like, you know, a few out a couple hours, you know, and it's just like, and then with the kids screaming in the back seat, you just want to pull your hair out. Oh,
driving cross country with kids, it's horrible.
Three
yeah, I mean we're kind of like, you know right now it's with all this covid stuff going on, we've kind of been stuck here I guess you can say, but you know, we've, we've
really just been, it's just been busy, we've been working on stuff with the kids with their homework because they're home schooled right now. You know, we moved them from like traditional schooling to home schooling in Ohio, so we're kind of like stuck with like that kind of stuff. Like we totally missed out on going swimming this summer because of Covid, so we ended up getting them like an inflatable pool for the backyard is kind of a replacement. But I guess it's not the same thing, it's not the same
thing as a full size, but you know, it's it's it's what it is, you know? But um I mean other than that, you know, they're they're pretty much just, you know, running around and screaming at each other if you can hear any of that, but yeah, no,
you know, it's actually been pretty rough on them. I'll give it that the only reason I moved them to homeschooling because I knew that what that once the schools open they were going to end up shutting them down again, which they did in Ohio, a lot of the school systems are already shutting down back in Ohio, so um you know at least they're in school right now and I guess like um they are having trouble with that and that's because my my um my oldest girl, she's 12 and she's very social, you know, so she she likes having that kind of like closeness to people, but since Covid hit that's kind of been missing from her life, you know, she hasn't been able to really see her friends and um now she's stuck in an online school but it's just I'm kind of afraid you know with you know, I just don't want them to catch anything that's you know, going around I guess I'd rather at least have them have a vaccine first because uh it's interesting, it's interesting I guess you could say because it's like the biggest social experiment ever putting up, you know, I mean it's not really social, but I mean I guess I'm online schooling is kind of a social experiment. Most kids aren't used to that type of schooling, you know Like my my older son, my 13 year old, he's doing all right now because he's not he wasn't really that big on being social with people. So I guess it's kind of his like niche but my my daughter is really taking it hard just because like you know, it can be depressing not being around your friends or stuff like that, not being able to sit in the lunchroom and chat with your friends and all that stuff. Uh huh.
Several Mhm.
I
was,
And
that's cool. You know when when I I know when I was younger, my my dad used to take me out on like date night and just do stuff with me separate from my sibling, you know? And uh it was nice because like you know we try to do that too with our kids and you know just to give them, you know that kind of personal like one on one time, which is it's really good because you know sometimes especially with
girls, they really need their dads more than their moms sometimes, you know? And I know it can be hard, you know because my husband's really you know busy a lot with like what he's doing with work and stuff and it's nice when you know he can just take one of the girls like one on one you know and just give them that personal time and sort of like group time you know. Yeah so it's pretty wow. Yeah.
Work
yeah.
Oh not really I guess well we're going to have a tiny birthday party for you know my son or just grandparents and maybe an aunt or two but you know nothing big but he's getting he's getting ready for his fourth birthday party so you know God was Spider man cakes but that's because I couldn't find any dinosaur cakes for some reason there's no such thing as a dinosaur cake at like giant Eagle or acne or anywhere you know I know I cannot find a dinosaur cake so I was like
whatever
I do.
yeah I already ordered the Spider man one but yeah I asked about it and they said they didn't have any so I was just like okay whatever but he's okay with Spider man but we ordered him, his grandpa got him some Custom Converse from the Dino verse collection from um from the Converse website. So he knows about those because they're they're on their way here, you know, so he's excited, it's dinosaur shoes and then we got him some dinosaurs so he's excited but
I was like mhm
ice
crushers.
No.
that's awesome.
Good.
it is
arts
of
this.
question.
I
want
to get
yeah yeah we we've lived in Ohio the majority of I I grew up in Ohio was born here but um I have moved around, I went to Wisconsin for about a year of my life and then uh I lived in Utah and indiana for a couple of years. Um But I've been in Ohio the majority of my life so it's it's interesting, I hate the weather out here but that's just me
and there's a lot to do, there's a lot to do in Ohio, so I mean it's not bad what I really like about Ohio is the hiking, you know there's a lot of like wooded area in Ohio that has like really good like hiking trails and it's it's fun to go hiking out here yourself.
Well.
Well
I think that like um my favorite state so far that I've been to because I've been to quite a few states like I've been to florida, I went to you know um Orlando when I was a kid and then um, you know, I've been to California because most of my relatives live out that way on my mom's side and then um I've been
to Nevada and Utah and Idaho because my dad's family lives in Idaho and Utah, but I think my favorite part is probably Idaho, like when you cross from like uh it's Wyoming into Idaho or Montana. I can't remember if that's Wyoming or Montana, maybe Montana, but there's this like road that leads right into Idaho from one of those states and it's just completely lined with trees and like at night it's like almost like they're like sparkling, It's weird. But there, it's just the nicest part of nature that I've ever seen and it's like all like surrounded by like mountains and stuff, so it's just so pretty. But like um what I lived in Utah, it was like down towards southern Utah, about an hour and a half from colorado. So it was like desert area and like it just missed like everything because there was like um, you know, just like mostly desert land so there wasn't like many trees. So it was like pretty boring.
Now,
colorado is really nice to over by Grand Junction. I think it is like Grand Junction Colorado, The Senate. I can't remember the exact name of it. It's got to be Grand Junction. Grand Junction is really pretty out that way. They have like a lot of like water and like trees and stuff out that way. It's really pretty out there.
You
came
over here.
All right. Well, it was, it was great meeting you. All
All