Yeah, Mhm. Mhm, mm hmm. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm, Mhm Yeah. Mhm, Mhm, Mhm. Right, Mhm, Mhm, Mhm, mm. Yeah. Yes. Mhm Yeah. Mhm, Mhm
hey, how are you?
You know what doing? Well, I was just my name, some word puzzle game,
so I'm going to set a timer.
She said I was really, really
reading the instructions. I want to make sure you know the undersigned months, precious afternoon. Where are you? Where are you? Okay?
Okay. On the floor is we're both east, possibly eastern time zone
an
important.
What about parts? Yeah,
Oh yeah, yeah, that's what most people associate with florida. Right? Think of Orlando Disney World and Miami and that's about it. Yeah.
Well you guys, I don't really know much about Ohio and besides, you know, sports teams.
it's something where you have the benefit of being in um in Ohio you get at least, you know season we have fall winter and spring and summer.
What,
What?
My goodness, I'm wearing your T shirt because it's like 88° outside with the
community.
It feels like it's in the lower 90s so I'm sure you would want that and I know I want your weather now, but a few months we'll be saying just the opposite because in february is going to be it's cold down here, but by no means isn't cold compared to you're part of the country. Mhm.
So how long have you been doing this? Um These kind of uh activities are safe home
you
too?
yeah I am I the same thing for me. I discovered it on a very and it's like one of those things where it's just like I work full time monday through friday, I just happened to take today off set, agreed to schedule from this call view but it's like something so easy. I can just do it randomly on my phone or you know, waiting for what to do. Um and I've been surprised by I've already made my number $100 about a month or so. And it's not that much work.
they're pretty
neat. This is my first time doing one like this. Once I've done in the past they where they try to prepare you so you're going to be a chat room with other people. But he realized halfway through that ai kind of operative thing, like was it convincing? He was like, well at first it was there. I realize that people are being unnecessarily rules. I figured it might not be real people. Mhm.
I work in insurance work for insurance company.
Remember which ones specifically for the type of work that we do? The work that I do is I manage a team that sets up local compensation claims
for large police. So we're the insurance carrier for a very large companies. Um But even also smaller local ones of your mom and pop up shops. We also do some auto insurance property, general liability which is like a second call. So if you buy some people um anxiety comes broken, that sort of thing really be upset in there. But they also have the properties, houses, buildings. So this year has been tough with all the wildfires and that's just from the business place. My heart goes out to those who are affected, especially those she lots of parts. But living there from a company standpoint has been very expensive universe.
sir.
Yeah I have yeah we have a sister office for the same company. My employer, they're based in Portland Oregon as well. And they were they were showing us pictures and this was before I saw it on social media. I could not believe how extremely dramatic and apocalyptic the skies were looking over there. It
was
very
large,
No.
All right
man.
Hi. Oh you beat me. We're you know, we're not opposed to having another one. But where were? So there's a gap between um my wife and I. We had two very early on when we got married And then waited for 10 years and we have, you know I call him a baby that's a toddler, two year old. So we have a two year old and then kids in middle school and the school ph d. S. I thought I would handle that gap. That transition a lot better than I do. So we're taking your time now,
That
is
you must give us,
that's me. Yeah. That's creating this. Oh, you got little ones. The order kids, they really babies, you're going to school. They're doing it all online or you have to go through it.
Give
us
the commercials.
You know,
Yeah, I'm not gonna like similar like mine, I do want to go to school. I would still want to part with the Taliban. I got such a bad traumatic experience that that first go around and he's like, I want to get all my debt paid off and then I'll figure out a way my job will help reimburse me. It's, I want to avoid taking on any more unnecessary that immediate future. I'm working for a couple of goals here, financially myself, my wife, my wife, she was a stay at home mom up until three weeks ago. And so she said I go back to um which is gonna benefit. But you know, we were fortunate about lost enough that we're able to develop my income Along for the last two years. So she was taking kids. Yeah.
It is what it is, but like you said, I think most, unless you're like trying to become a national treasure, I don't think most people, most suppliers will ask you which organization, which university that you're back. Maybe she is the fact that you accomplish it. Uh huh, mm hmm.
absolutely. Um you know, we, we haven't really been doing much of anything when the whole covid situation first really blew up,
you
know, became concerned back in March. It was our kids, their spring break. Um so we took a trip to Virginia for a week. Um and when we just, while we're in Virginia is like all the shutdown start happening and we're kind of concerned we're going to be able to fly back to florida because I don't know if you've done road shirts with young ones but it's not
we
know that. That's a that's a fantastic way to see the country. Yeah,
the kids are able to take some of that in because I enjoy a good road for myself. But um yeah my heart goes out to you. I'm sure that was not the most pleasing experience, especially being pregnant, right, going through all that. You have a discomfort
and
Or there's
yeah, I ask you a question about um we like to uh so pretty Covid, you know, we're big on being social either every weekend or every other weekend where noise was house with someone's coming over to this address and still you like surgery. You know, we have friends who have kids around the single uses us. So the case that we are the adults number during thing
play cards. I like personally like dancing. So anytime anyone throws a party and make sure I get myself there, but we're really big into now host probing with the kids video. A lot of board games, card games, trivia, kind of games. Also, my wife is very good at organizing. It's funny that we're doing it through video. You know, a lot of, a lot of zoom, um, calls with our friends and so we'll do like a big zoom call. We did not carry open on time through zoom another night. We did a painting class. So, uh, we want you to be more together and painted along. Well. We had some wine that was fun. Uh, and then the last one we did was forget what it was, but it was some kind of talent show kind of thing. Uh So you know, we just like to hang out with our friends, but since we're trying to be cautious now you're in the future ability um or if we get together it's part of a different situation. What about yourself? What do you guys uh due to keep preoccupied?
What?
No,
Are your kids coping well that transition home schooling?
Yeah. You know
much same thing for me. Um My oldest, my oldest is 12, so my house is Tokyo Boy and I love your girl and they
have
the same experience surrendering my son, He transitioned a lot easier, but so they were going to school, but then we got sent home when we came back from spring break this year, we decided to do all virtual homeschooling. Um it's all at your own pace, it's great. But sometimes at the same time if we don't stay on top of them they were crying so long to do but definitely noticed that my daughter is a lot more negatively affected because of the same reasons will not be with your friends, not keep up, do the things that you want us to, especially these ages are going from kids to adolescence. Um like this is they don't have a lot of, there's always where's my son, he's like he likes to play games and there's
a lot of stuff online at this point anyway so it wasn't a huge hit on him. Yeah, we were concerned that one, what I think the school system to our younger one, you know, he's had a couple of issues so we don't want to really start anything between into the household. That's it from human dangerous. Just that's that's been a concern. But it has been working out one thing um that my wife encouraged me to try because what she does is once a once a month she has a date with each of the kids. So for example this past when you say when I came I had to go run to the store and grab something, I forgot what it was, but when I came back when I was that night with my daughter, so they were living in each other's, it was a good cop, whether you're talking kind of connected. So I'm trying to figure out what I'm gonna do with them just to show them personal tension and also try to help expectations feel comfortable and open up the last.
No.
Absolutely. Um I definitely won't work on doing stronger relationships
and just do a good job of providing for the family being there, being present. But you can be president, not being president since. So wanted to take advantage of the thing. We're all home now all the time and want to make sure somebody's hungry stomachs that as well form. So nothing is promise. Something could happen to me. But another so I lost my thought share. And I certainly have a lot of regrets keeping with the communication. So I want that to be a mistake
enough about all that stuff. You guys have an evening exciting coming up in the exciting trips or activities.
They
will estimate
form. We'll be custom make you one. I guess it's far too late now.
You know, they just like love and attention so skilled that they'll be happy. Everything else is literally icing on the cake and so forth. Yeah.
Ask for me. I'm no worries to understand. I got I have my shoulders watching my two year old, my mind is working the other I think we we understand um I don't think we have anything all that interesting coming up, Oh we, we like to
go on trips
with friends baby, we're not gonna do that any time soon. Uh huh
The most exciting thing is that we got pre approved for a house so
that's it. Yeah, this first
time Homebuyer and process of the cultures and we have properties and
moving apartments
for so many years there, I figured at least
was
going to the lease was up pretty soon and rates are going up again and started, you know, you get forward to
say if you want to the forefront of blocks and you just establish our roots picture, I don't know
if people
have
hope in Ohio your whole life but I can't afford my whole life people that was part of reasonable with me, but we're gonna go to Georgia to you see, you know you go up north but we decided you know what I'm just gonna say.
64.
Yeah. Yeah, I'm like hearing that because I'm a more outdoors person in my wife, she's like the complete opposite, she's liking on the same Macy. Um
But like uh being a natural Floridian, I went to new york for the first time like five or six years ago and I know it sounds kind of silly or stupid but I didn't know really what to expect. Only be another about what you actually, and then I go to the city to upstate and there was mountains and valleys and rivers and I saw deer and there I fell in love. It was so beautiful. I no idea that that part of the country has such beautiful landscapes and even after because Virginia Delaware man, it's beautiful up here trying to convince her to move, she didn't want to leave florida
because she grew up in new york, she knew the weather was bad. Oh
no
that's what I've seen a few I don't watch it on tv but there's some shows like facing Utah you see people not just the fact that they don't see a lot of sugar in your tea tree manager anything like that. I know my wife, she's been to colorado piece homes and she told me that once things open back up and we traveled, she says she's taking a lot of machines.
Beautiful woman. Mhm.
Armed with, Well, my timer has is at 26 minutes not to cut this short, but I see you, you're
wrangling and you're young baby there. I
figure
we can go ahead and cut this uh, this short and say goodbye
Black Wise, we're going from Ohio. Take care. Have a great weekend, helping you and your
family stay safe. Take care.